scriptionpeace is a journey we undertake when we all make a conscious effort to love all of humanity the project: a monumental collaboration woodcut print when a bunch of artists get together and each contribute a tiny bit of art to a global collaboration, the result is a monumental work of art. join me in making a huge woodcut print and spread peace around! update: we are funded!!! all the action: http://1000woodcuts.com this means our awesome puzzle print will live! and...stretch goal!? (she's lost her mind...) a stretch goal is customary after a project is funded so here is ours: we are currently at 120 artists, which means 6 panels (see below) are filled. so let's get to 160 artists in 10 more days! can we? this would mean our peace puzzle will literally stretch! all artists that signed up for 6 panels will get 8! and all artists that signed up for 1 panel will get 2. but only if we make it to 160 artists. do it! here is the 1/30/15 sketch, to scale, with projected participant blocks in gray. i'm a 5'2" or 157cm bundle of printmaking energy, for comparison. let's keep growing! i'm ready to stretch the sketch!!! peace puzzle sketch to scale with totally fearless leader we grew! introducing the latest latest 02/04/15 stretched sketch!!! the new and improved peace puzzle sketch! woodcut print freshly off the block! woodcut prints are made by first drawing an image on a block of wood, then carving out the parts that will not be in the image. after carving, what is left is a big "stamp" or relief of the desired image. ink is applied with a roller over the woodblock, place a piece of paper on the inked block, apply pressure and transfer the image on the paper. a beautiful woodcut print is born! city of the world collaboration, 112 artists finished 2012 a monumental collaborative puzzle print is a large design composed of "puzzle pieces", each of which is designed and carved by a unique artist under a common theme. the project director designs and cuts the wood block into puzzle like pieces, then sends the pieces to participant artists; they carve their own little design and send the tiny piece back. then the director assembles the carved pieces. the entire design is printed as a multi panel woodcut print after the puzzle is reassembled and finally each participant receives a huge print encompassing the entire design. the theme: peace ah, the puzzle that is peace! what is it? how do we get there? mystery of ages! all we can really do is spread a bit around and hope it catches on! i find my peace loving and working, in art, in nature, walking about, at home, with family and friends, by reaching out to others and by turning my gaze inside. as long as my head is busy and the plow is in the ground, my heart is at peace. i am generally a happy and peaceful person yet i am a realist and live and love with both feet planted firmly on the naked hard ground. peace is everywhere, if you just seek... i think the world needs an infusion of peace right now so we are going to do our part and attempt to make the biggest collaborative peace woodcut print. peace, peace of mind, peaceful places, finding peace, inner peace... interpret the theme as you wish. i have never rejected an image. where do you find peace? who do you find peace with? are you at peace? what is peace? is it possible? what can we do for peace? answer any of those questions and there is your image! the contributing artists (that's you)! contributing artist tasks:  design a tiny piece of the peace puzzle on a block of wood which i will provide  carve your design  mail the block back to me by the deadline timeline: february 28 2015   blocks mailed to participants august 1 2015   deadline to return carved blocks september 2015   printing party! place/date tba october 30 2015   prints, books and rewards mailed out artist's individual block after carving, feel the love? anyone can play! artist contributors come from all over the world and vary in age, know how, and style about as much as humanity itself. some i know from online forums and some i have even met and hugged in person during some crazy printmaking adventure. some will be completely new to me and the project; some are even new to art! largely, we are all unknown to each other and come together in time and space only to make a beautiful and monumental international work of art. exhibit in las vegas usa picture one hundred strangers or more coming together in a collaboration, without knowing what each will bring to the whole, without knowing who will be right next to them in the final image. you will get to know each other too, one by one as everyone sends their blocks to me. you can meet everyone and know them by their works and by the words they write about their little pieces of the puzzle. each artist will be featured on the blog as their block arrives and later each artist is published in their own page in the book! more about the book in the rewards section. we get exhibits too! blocks and prints side by side here are two past projects to scale. these are huge prints! the grand design feeling dangerously fearless this year so i am hoping to get at least 120 artists to participate, which would make a print spanning six panels, each 22 x 30 inches in size or 55 x 75 cm. if i get more artists, i will just work more! when and if we reach around 200 artist participants signed up i will stop the madness in the interest of getting the thing printed by the deadline. that's potentially a 12 foot print? i love doing the impossible! #peacepuzzle our logo! of course with an unknown number of artists and resulting panels, i can't possibly know what the overall image will look like yet. but i have at least ten possibilities rebounding like a pinball inside my brain case, all of them under the theme: peace. i know it will be something graphic, like the logo i developed for this project, light will be there, nature will be there...i will develop the image right in front of your eyes in the blog as people sign up. the fantastic garden 2013 poster budget? what budget? ah yes, i said my feet are firmly planted on the ground and there is an accounting side of me that must figure out how to fund the huge undertaking. each participating artist's fee more or less covers the expense of their own prints and book. friends and patrons cover their own rewards and some extra for increases in expenses, taxes, fees and such. here is a quick summary of where the money goes: materials: wood, lots of wood and lots of ink and additives, paper (1000 sheets!), mailing/packing/labeling supplies, studio and office supplies such as printer ink, saw blades, cleaning supplies, proofing paper, and trucks full of paper towels. printing: post card and poster printing, book printing, book insert printing book "growing the garden" chronicles the project mailing: postage to all over the world for blocks and prints (up to 3 lbs), later for reward mailing, higher every year! fees and taxes: there is a  Jimmy Fraud  fee, a credit card processing fee, sales taxes and shipping costs on all materials, and various taxes on the income. labor costs: that's funny! usually i end up a bit "in the red" after one of these projects but my time is freely given to the art with all my love. sometimes volunteers help with printing also being paid by our collective love for everything art. prints drying in my studio, i can hang 600 at once what do you get? rewards!! the friend levels are for those who want to help and cheer us on. we really need everyone's support and to spread the word to fund the project and make the peace puzzle print a reality! every contribution helps! thanks! the artist levels are for contributing participating artists who will get to design and carve a tiny piece of our peace puzzle. in return you get the whole print. be sure to join with a group of friends for the best value which will also save me work when it comes to mailing. each of you gets the whole print when signing up in a group! if you want to participate in making the puzzle, be sure to sign up for any artist level! the patron levels are for those whose resources and generosity make all art possible across the globe. there are limited opportunities to get the entire peace puzzle at a bargain rate! we thank you! here are the rewards explained (i hope!). friend level 1 contribute just $5 and get a printed post card with our peaceful logo and our eternal gratitude! you also get your name as a friend of peace contributor in the book peace in print. (optional, of course! if you want to remain anonymous just say so) post card will look like this friend level 2 for a mere $15 you get a pdf e book peace in print delivered to your email and a post card of our logo. the e book contains a picture of all the panels, all the individual contributions with artist blurbs and a photo review of the process. you also get your name as a friend of peace contributor in the book peace in print. friend level 3 for a contribution of $35, you get the printed book peace in print with a tiny folded poster of the print tucked inside. the book contains the chronology of the project, a picture of each of the panels, list of participants and contributors, pictures of all the individual contributions with artist blurbs and a photo review of the process. you also get your name as a friend of peace contributor in the book peace in print. books from previous projects individual artist featured and process photos progress photos and a full panel in the book friend level 4 want to hang a poster of the peace puzzle in your room? contribute $60 and get an awesome 24 inch (50 cm) poster of the peace puzzle. you also get your name as a friend of peace contributor in the book peace in print. the names of all the artists are printed right on the mirror image design below the print. here is a sample of a previous poster from a previous project! city of the world poster with legend under the image new reward! i have had so many requests that i caved... artist   one panel single participant for $40   this reward added by popular demand for those who can't quite afford the whole shebang! you agree to design and carve a tiny wood block under the theme peace, and send it back to me. after the printing you will receive one panel of the peace puzzle (22 x 30 inches or 56 x 75 cm). you also get the book peace in print with your individual image and blurb to share with the world. the panel you receive will contain your own image and about 20 other artists. artist   single participant for $75 you get to play! you agree to design and carve a tiny wood block under the theme peace, and send it back to me. after the printing you will receive the six panel+ print the peace puzzle (each panel 22 x 30 inches or 56 x 75 cm). you also get the printed book peace in print with your individual image and blurb to share with the world. artist   two participant rate for $128 you get to play with a friend and save! that's only $64 each for two artists one address . you both agree to design and carve a tiny wood block under the theme peace, and send it back to me. after the printing you will each receive the six panel+ print the peace puzzle (each panel 22 x 30 inches or 56 x 75 cm). you also each get the book peace in print with your individual image and blurb to share with the world. hint: great value if two artists want to join resources under the same address! saves me time too! artist   group of 4 participants special for $224 you get to play with your friends and save! that's only $56 each for four artists one address . you all agree to design and carve a tiny wood block under the theme peace, and send it back to me. after the printing you each will receive the six panel+ print the peace puzzle (each 22 x 30 inches or 56 x 75 cm). you also each get the book peace in print with your individual image and blurb to share with the world. hint: great value if a group of artists want to join resources under the same address! you will need a "point contact person" to organize your foursome and whose address will be used to mail blocks and prints. studio elves, helping, suffering...laughing! patron of printmaking emeritus this level is for those who want to get the awesome peace puzzle, original woodcut with our logo seal and signed and dedicated by the director of the project. there is a limited 10 early bird rewards for a bargain price of $300 and when those are gone the entire peace puzzle can be had for $420, that's only $70 per panel! (each 22 x 30 inches or 56 x 75 cm). you are totally awesome and want to support us and also will receive all 6+ panels of the original printed woodcut edition the peace puzzle, plus a book peace in print and a poster of the entire image. your name goes in the book as a friend of peace contributor. you also get to say whatever you like about yourself, the project, art or life in general in your very own 2 page spread of the book. that's it! sign up! help out! spread the word #peacepuzzle! let's do this! risks and challenges this will be my fifth of these undertakings so i believe i can climb whatever obstacles life and printmaking throw at me! here are some of the obvious possible glitches and my plans to un glitch them. challenge 1: missing blocks! i rather enjoy gathering in complicity a bunch of printmakers from around the globe without knowing who will receive my precious blocks. but because i don't really "know" many of the participants, some blocks have gone missing without a trace. but they can be replaced as i meticulously make a tracing of each before sending it off across the oceans. more carving for me! challenge 2: deadline delays invariably, whether the project is scheduled for a year or four months, there always seem to be procrastinators. with a scheduled printing session and volunteers who make plane reservations, delays can cause a bit of havoc but somehow we have managed in the past to set a firm deadline and more or less stick to it. i can get very (ahem) persuasive toward the approaching deadlines with constant communication and gentle goading. i have set generous dates for delivering the rewards and plan on meeting them. risk 1: oh the doubts... will i get enough artists to participate? last project gathered 126 and between all my previous puzzle projects i have 468 artist friends around the globe. very likely the participant cadre will be filled; but in the unlikely event that i'm short a participant or several, i can call on local artists or just go ahead with less artists than planned as long as the funding goal is met. the key to keep everyone motivated is, of course, encouragement and feedback. i prod and beg and report faithfully and for that we have a dedicated blog: http://1000woodcuts.blogspot.com in which i will jot down progress notes and images and videos too! risk 2: no help? last project, for some insane reason, i did all the printing and mailing by myself. took me about three weeks to print and mail out near 600 prints! since there may be a larger number of participants this time i fully plan on engaging some serious printmaking muscle for the mammoth printing task. but even if nobody comes to help, what's three more weeks!? really...i would be printing something anyway. i love work! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 