foo/descriptiona new kind of grocery store good food markets is a new kind of community grocery store designed to thrive in communities that traditional supermarkets have overlooked    also known as " food deserts ." starting with our pilot store in northeast washington, dc, we're leveraging community partnerships, industry expertise and a lot of hard work to transform the ways people think about fresh food access in underserved communities – and we need your support! according to the usda, more than 23 million americans live in food deserts, moderate  and lower income communities that are underserved by traditional supermarkets to the point where putting food on the table means accepting compromises most of us probably wouldn't tolerate for long if we could help it. that’s where good food markets comes in: with a small format, targeted operating model that is designed to thrive on a small fraction of the sales volume required to sustain a traditional, full service supermarket and simultaneously provide the neighborhood with what it seeks. currently, we sell affordable fresh produce, dairy, fresh meat and seafood, and a fantastic selection of healthy, delicious prepared foods for less than it costs to go to popeye’s for a family meal – all in a space smaller than the typical 7 11. for our customers who receive snap benefits, or food stamps, we provide a 15% discount on all fresh produce – every day. we see a clear path to success; our neighbors are already showing up . the nearest supermarket is more than a mile away, and in order to be self sustaining, we only need to capture about 5% of the total grocery dollars already being spent by people living in the ½ mile area surrounding our pilot store in the wonderful woodridge neighborhood of northeast dc. we rang up our first sale on in january of this year , and we already have a core of loyal customers who love our quality, our prices and the experience of shopping with our friendly staff recruited from right here in the community. we have gotten the ball rolling on an exciting new model for fresh food retail in underserved markets, but we need your help to see it to fruition! with your help, we can do this. the "before" shots    our space when we leased it so what makes good food markets different? here are a few of the things that separate us from large scale supermarkets on the one hand, and the mom and pop corner store on the other: community connection and industry insight. being neighborhood driven means we listen to our customers and think creatively about how to deliver on what they want to see in store and consistently provide quality food at reasonable prices in a convenient and friendly way. our mission driven partnerships with nonprofits and community groups like dc central kitchen , as well as local vendors from the immediate community, keep our costs down and our insights fresh, while our nutrition workshops and school visits let people know that the community is our priority. at the same time, however, the relationships we have developed within the supermarket industry provide us with access to an efficient and well priced supply chain that most stores our size could only dream of. scalable, mission driven model. while we put our neighbors first in everything we do, we are also focused on the bigger picture. the work we're doing in our pilot store is about more than just our own operations   it's about proving out a vibrant new model for small scale grocery retail that can work in    and for    underserved communities across the country. once proven, our model can be replicated by companies, nonprofits, and community entrepreneurs. we believe that good food markets has the potential to be a revolutionary step forward in the drive to eliminate food deserts. small format and relentless focus on efficiency. every aspect of our operation has been designed with one goal in mind: to minimize the cost of stocking our store with fresh, high quality food so we can pass that value on to our customers and neighbors. from our small format (2,000 square feet) and energy efficient design to our supplier relationships and strategic partnerships with industry, nonprofits and our community, we are constantly seeking ways to eliminate the costs we can and spread or share the costs we can’t eliminate. disciplined and data driven. we’re a neighborhood market engineered for the information age. our focus on tracking every aspect of our performance, no matter how small, may seem a little nutty at times for such a small store, but it’s essential to the good food markets vision. staying data driven allows us to not only be attentive and responsive to our customers’ needs, but to always keep our feet firmly on the ground. about your support we have invested our personal funds and leveraged all the support we can find, including grants from the district of columbia, national nonprofits and several local community development partners. and we’re off to a great start. in fact, each week, we're more and more confident we're on the right track. but we are also working against decades of ingrained expectations about what can and should be possible for a community – and a store    like ours. as much as we’re filling a vital need, it takes time to introduce a new way of shopping, and we have a number additional investments we need to make in order to be responsive to what we’ve been hearing from the community and make sure that we can operate as efficiently as possible. we can do this – but if solving food deserts were easy, someone would have done it already! again, our goals are realistic – in order to be self sustaining, we need to capture just a small fraction of the grocery spending that is already taking place in the households surrounding the store, and our sales are growing nearly every single day. and to be absolutely clear, when we say “self sustaining,” we mean paying our people, our vendors, and keeping the lights on – our owners and investors are not counting on the store to make a profit in order to keep it going. but we do need your help to make sure we can hang in there through the end of the summer, when we expect to turn that critical corner    and to make sure that we are not missing any opportunity to make sure everyone in our community knows that good food markets is there for them with a beautiful selection of fresh, delicious, healthy and affordable food. we've laid out a budget we believe in, but there is so much more we can do    the more we raise, the more we'll be able to develop our community outreach, nutritional education and other programming elements that make good food markets so unique! please help us realize our vision, and thanks for being a part of re writing the script on what’s possible for fresh food at fair prices as an option for all! that's our pitch    but let one of our early supporters lay it out for you in his own words: you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 risks and challenges we have already successfully addressed many of the challenges people generally use to argue that fresh food retail won’t work in underserved communities: with our product mix and supplier network, and our low overhead operating model, we can survive on levels of traffic that would be impossible for a larger store. staffing and training challenges? not at good food markets – we hire from the community, often within blocks of the store – and our team is the best. however, we do need people to show up, and the biggest risk and challenge we face is to get people to shop in a different way from whatever they are doing today. we’re very confident that we’ll reach our goals. for some people, we’ll be their destination for weekly shops, and for others we’ll be their destination when they need something at the last minute. but in today’s marketplace, where for decades the only alternatives to a big box supermarket have been either too expensive, of poor quality, and/or are only limited to convenience items, that’s a message that takes a while to find its audience. like any small business, stabilizing operations is a huge undertaking. we are determined to get it right here because this is a prototype for stores that could be replicated across the nation. like we said, if it were easy, someone would have done it by now. with your help, we’ll be the team to do it. join us! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 