escriptionhello  Jimmy Fraud , my name is olivier gerardi, and i have always been passionate about men's elegance, shoes in particular. for me, they are a key element in a man's style, the one that can make all the difference in reaching the perfect level of class and sophistication. creations from prestigious shoe brands have always fascinated me, but their high prices made me question their real worth. i travelled through italy to meet the country's best shoemakers and discover the reality behind the making of the finest men's shoes. the result convinced me to take the leap and create my very own brand of shoes and accessories, whose quality wouldn't pale in comparison with the very best, but without the excessive price premiums. after having designed and prepared my first collection, i spent again a lot of time on the road to present it. today, those efforts have finally paid off and a famous luxury department store in france has placed an order for their flagship store. i come to you to ask your support to fund the production for this new stage of my brand's birth, and of course to invite you to discover my creations. to do so, i bring you exclusive and colorful rewards that will help you enter summer with the perfect touch of elegance ! the porto cervo is a handmade , stylish and colorful loafer designed to accompany you in your summer escapades. made of calf buckskin , the porto cervo is an extremely comfortable moccasin that you can perfectly wear sockless. to go with it, i offer you the portofino belt . cut in the exact same leather hides as the porto cervo, you will get a pair of loafers and belt of the exact same color . of course, playing with different colors is also part of the game. the siracusa is a divinely comfortable oxford dress shoe made with the bologna construction. this technique, combined with the use of a precious , extremely supple and elastic buffalo leather , results in the most flexible kind of shoe possible. if the comfort of a shoe is critical to you, look no further. with its bologna construction and precious buffalo leather, the siracusa has the particularity to be supple to the point of being foldable without suffering any damage or the slightest mark . this shoe can therefore be carried in a luggage without any risk of damage and will be perfect to accompany businessmen in their frequent travels . each pair of siracusa comes in a high end shoe box with a pair of shoetrees made of lebanese red cedar wood and a pair of cotton dust bags (one for each shoe). the shoes from our prestige line represent our highest standard of quality and excellence. this standard comes from the special triple leather technique of construction used with these shoes. the prestige shoes feature the highest durability , comfort and a perfect level of finish . because we are so confident in the quality of our prestige shoes and because we want you to believe in it too, we offer on all of them a 2 years guarantee with one full restoration service that includes: the full replacement of the outer sole, including its vibram© rubber pad. the replacement of the heels' rubber pad. the replacement of the shoe counters. the replacement of the shoes' lining. cleaning and restoration of the leather’s color for a result identical to the original coloration of the shoes. with their extremely high build quality and this service unique in the world , you have the guarantee that your pair of prestige shoes will accompany you for many years . we call the special technique that we use to make our prestige shoes so sturdy and durable triple leather . this construction uses three different leather soles sewn together with the goodyear technique, instead of the two soles of most other brands. this extra layer not only improves the sturdiness of the shoe but it also allows for a complete sole replacement when needed, increasing this way the lifetime of the shoe. each pair of prestige shoes comes in a high end shoe box with a pair of shoetrees made of lebanese red cedar wood and a pair of cotton dust bags (one for each shoe). the san marino is a wider sportswear belt with a larger palladium buckle. it is also made of full grain leather , carefully selected for its absence of defaults. the milano is a business belt that will perfectly match our prestige and siracusa shoes, and fit in your business or casual attires. both sides of the belt are made of full grain leather , carefully selected for its absence of defaults. palladium buckle. our cufflinks are all made of sterling silver (92.5% pure silver) in florence, italy. for each pair of prestige shoes pledged, you can select one of the models below: for all our shoes and belts, we only use the finest full grain calfskin italian leathers coming from the noble part of the animal (the side, when cheaper leathers come from the belly). all our hides are carefully selected for their absence of defaults: no traces of wounds, no stains, no insect bite marks. all our leathers are also vegetable tanned , which is the age old method of tanning leather using natural matter only. in our case, all our leathers have soaked for at least 6 months in a 100% natural oak bark tannin . at olivier gerardi, we are particularly proud of the traditional nature of the making of our shoes. far from mass production factories, our shoemaking workshops are located at the heart of the gentle italian countryside, between the hills of tuscany and those of the adriatic coast. those workshops have always been working in the purest craftsmanship tradition of their region. the craftsmen with who we have associated the olivier gerardi brand are all parts of legendary maisons that are keeping for some of them a more than 130 years old savoir faire . they transmit their ancestral art from generation to generation only, with product perfection as absolute priority . as a result, they have worked directly for prestigious clients around the world, including members of european royal families , the vatican , hollywood actors , and many other famous artists. the making of each pair of shoes requires hundreds of expert gestures applied by highly qualified specialists. all those manual interventions are long, laborious and can last for days. they are a tribute of the great care and love that those craftsmen give to their art. it is how each one of our shoes has been produced, entirely handmade by shoemaking masters . each pair has also been made with the most beautiful leather hides selected and tanned with the greatest care in accordance with non allergenic plant based biological processes, guaranteeing this way your comfort and well being. all our leather hides have also been dried and stored for long months, resulting this way in very high quality series. because we are fully committed to satisfy our customers and provide a risk free experience of acquiring luxury shoes online, we offer on all our products: free worldwide shipping: all our products ship with an express carrier to any country free of charge. free returns: if you selected the wrong size, we will pick the product at your place and ship you a new one free of charge. free refunds: if for any reason you might not be fully satisfied by our product, we will pick it at your place free of charge and refund you what you have paid. our goal and motivation is to bring you products made with the finest materials, with the finest techniques and by the best artisans at the most reasonable price . we can make it possible by working directly with producers and shipping products directly to you without intermediaries . when you buy one of our products, about two thirds of the prices are used to cover production, packaging, logistics and shipping costs. we keep one third to pay ourselves and invest in the development of the brand. the table below shows you where the price range of our shoes is positioned compared to a few very famous shoemakers (excluding custom made products) : behind the olivier gerardi brand name hides the partnership of two men, olivier and roberto, who found themselves driven by the same passion for masculine elegance, and an equally demanding nature for the excellence of the quality and tastefulness of the clothes they wear. coming from different roads and backgrounds, they both have a long experience in menswear and luxury products. as they shared the very same long time desire to build their own brand and have the freedom to express their vision of style and beauty without constraints, they soon decided to pool their energy and take advantage of their complementary knowledge to serve their clientele with their signature touch. beyond their dedication to make faultless products, they also share the same absolute conviction that no effort can be spared to satisfy one's clients. this is why at olivier gerardi, we strive to serve and guide you toward the same goal that we share, you and us: to make sure that our products will always push your look toward the highest level of elegance and sophistication. olivier began his career in decoration and interior design, trade that he learned in paris. he quickly began to practice it when he opened his first decoration boutique, which offered exceptional contemporary objects and pieces of furniture that he used to sign his first projects for a luxury clientele. he has also evolved for more than a decade in the high end car industry, where he was able to define a different aspect of luxury. he spent at last another decade developing with success the retail stores of a local italian menswear brand. the common denominator of his career has always been the love of design and beautiful objects, and it forged his style and inimitable personal touch for which his customers have always rewarded him with a loyalty that stood the test of time. with a brand that bears his name, olivier can finally open a door for men of taste on his world, his vision, and his love for italian fashion. evolving in the world of fashion since the beginning of the 80’s, roberto has acquired a great deal of experience in retail sales, distribution, and in the creation and production of clothing collections. he also masters all the technical aspects related to menswear, which he learned with various professionals from suit tailors to suppliers of uniforms for the swiss armed forces. after first experiences with benetton , sisley and fiorucci , roberto has cut his teeth in the creation and production of clothing collections at the french brand donovan . he has also distributed famous luxury brands such as versace , armani and dolce & gabbana . at last, he has acquired his precious experience in the world of shoes among navyboot , where he has occupied the positions of store manager, regional manager and purchasing director. roberto has a precious know how and rare mix of swiss rigor and italian style creativity, indispensable qualities for the success of olivier gerardi. risks and challenges both roberto and myself have many years of experience producing and distributing menswear and footwear. for the olivier gerardi brand, we have stopped counting the time we spent in italy selecting the right craftsmen and preparing with them all the details of our products. we have also partnered with a professional logistics company that manages the repackaging, shipping and returns of all our products. as a result, we are in a state of maximal preparation to fulfill orders and deliver them to you in the best conditions. the shipping target we indicate on this page includes sourcing materials, production and worldwide shipping. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 