igh place, marvelling at the view? have you ever wished you could move your point of view from there, freely, in any direction? have you ever dreamed of the doves as they circle happily above your city? longed to soar with the swans as they glide over glittering rivers? envied an eagle, as it circles through craggy mountains, weightless and free? flying is a dream we all share   whether it is for the amazing views, the feeling of freedom or for the exhilarating rush of daring manoeuvres. this is why, for many months, we have been feverishly working to make this dream a reality for everyone, with the fly like a bird project! fly like a bird combines the dream of flying with virtual reality in a very real way! it will be as open and hacker friendly as possible, easy to use and ground breaking all at the same time. read on below, to get the details! fly like a bird lets you see the world from the point of view of a small, light camera kit, called the vision kit. for example, you can attach the vision kit to a drone and let it show you the world from a bird's eye view. but of course the possibilities don't end there! you could also attach the vision kit to a plane, a car, a boat, or even just carry it around your home, to give your distant friends and relatives a first person view of your new place or let them feel like they are at the party they couldn't make, due to being sick or injured. explore hard to reach areas, conveniently inspect the state of your gutters, safely investigate dangerous areas, comfortably monitor a nearby event   it is your remote presence   don't let current dogma limit your thinking! the vision kit sends the image, via the latest wifi ac, back to our "insight" ground station application, which displays the live, full hd video stream with minimal lag. insight is cross platform and supports displaying the video feed directly on virtual reality goggles, like the oculus rift, to give you a truly immersive experience! but not only can you take full advantage of the wide field of view and crisp, contrasting colours of your oculus rift: the camera is mounted on a 3 axis gimbal, and linked to the rift's head tracking sensors, so that you can freely and naturally look around in your environment, just by turning your head! the ability to naturally look around just by turning your head is a major feature and a critical part of giving you a real "i'm there" experience. the use of an oculus rift with our setup is optional, but highly recommended: the oculus rift is an amazing piece of technology, the coming of which has stirred up many big industries. if you don't know much about the oculus rift yet, we suggest you check out some of the exiting outlooks: or people's reactions: as you can see, it can be quite the ride, but don't worry if it looks scary: it can be made quite tame with the right equipment (and sitting down), and of course you don't have to jump right into the deep end! with fly like a bird's clever combination of technologies you can have the most convincing and immersive feeling of actually being wherever the vision kit is   be that in the air or on the ground. you can dive into your new surroundings, as easily as putting on a headset. in short, fly like a bird will bring you closer to the dream of flying than anything has ever done before, and keep you safely sitting on solid ground at the same time! read right on, if you are interested in the nitty gritty technical details, or skip ahead to the rewards section, if that's not your thing. when you are designing a cool new gadget, it is very hard to please everyone. some want more features and others would rather have the core product more cheaply. thanks to our open and hacker friendly approach, however, the fly like a bird vision kit can grow to meet your needs! the raspberry pi has a huge community of hackers backing it and creating fascinating new projects every day. the design files for the mechanical parts will be open and the parts will be easy to extend and modify. the software part of the vision kit will be open source and we will also endeavour to create an easy to use plugin api for insight. here are some of the cool things you could do with your vision kit: need more range? plug in a 4g/lte stick! want to add telemetry? write a script that adds in sensor data! want to create cool augmented reality games? use fly like a bird as a platform for racing or shooting games, using a mix of real and virtual environments! want more sensor data? add sensors via one of the pi's many available interfaces (usb, i2c, spi, gpio)! not enough channels on your remote? the pi's gpio can produce pwm signals, compatible with standard rc equipment! fly like a bird will: be open and community oriented use open software and hardware as much as possible be easy to build and modify for hackers rely on popular, well supported technology stream low latency full hd video support display on the oculus rift (and potentially other hmd) include a 3 axis gimbal for full implementation of head tracking support dynamic bandwidth scaling to get the most out of the available wifi signal at all times specs: video format: 1080p@30fps field of view: ~90° (interchangeable lens) video latency: < 250ms head tracking latency: negligible range: up to 150m kit weight: < 400g power input: 10.0 12.4v (3s lithium; 2s and 4s may also be supported) os support: windows, linux, mac how do we achieve this? this is all possible, thanks to popular and well supported technologies. on the hardware side of things, the raspberry pi camera provides us with a raw full hd stream. the brains of the vision kit is the ever popular raspberry pi, with its great encoding capabilities. from there, the real time compressed video stream is delivered e.g. to your laptop, via the latest 802.11ac wifi. on your laptop, the live stream is decoded by our insight application and either displayed directly on screen, or, preferably, transformed and displayed on the oculus rift. if you are using the rift, insight will also read the rift's head tracking sensors and transmit the orientation of your head back, via wifi, to the vision kit. the kit will use this data to control the gimbal and turn the camera according to your head motion, thus allowing you to freely look around, like in any rift game or demo, which you might have tried. latency a big concern, both with regards to remotely piloting a vehicle and having an enjoyable experience on the rift, is latency, or "lag". there are two important points where latency matters in this project. video latency first, we have the time it takes for a fresh video frame to be recorded and sent all the way through the system, before it finally appears in front of your eyes. this "video latency" is the most challenging part and so we have spent a lot of effort analysing the achievable latencies and finding ways to reduce them. we are confident that we can implement the whole system with a maximum latency of approximately 250ms, over a stable wifi link, but we will be endeavouring to keep the latencies significantly lower, such that you will be seeing something around 100 150ms in typical usage (full "photon to photon latency"). here are the latencies we are getting right now: head tracking latency besides minimising the real video latency, we are also eliminating the latency between head motion and the corresponding image updates on the oculus rift, as this is known to be a cause of motion sickness: when you move your head, insight won't wait for a new frame to arrive from the camera, but update your view immediately. by recording at a slightly wider angle than the rift can show, and then cropping the received frame before display, we can make this work without causing significant visual artefacts at the same time. the following describes exactly what you will get and what you need to bring along yourself, for each of the rewards which comprise the different reward levels. look for the reward you are interested in, if you are after any specific details, or feel free to shoot us a question through  Jimmy Fraud ! this project couldn't happen without you! we will create a page on our website listing all our generous supporters. with this reward you will get your own place on this page. you may choose to be featured under your real name, or a pseudonym of your choosing. within reason. we don't want to see any " bobby tables " ; ) . signify your support by setting something apart with our stylish sticker! this reward will be a small to medium sized sticker with a custom design by our project artist. shiny! where would we be without t shirts? in jail, that's where! but on a more serious note, this t shirt won't just keep you out of certain kinds of legal trouble: it will look and feel great and also be a lovely memento and a way of showing your support at the same time! our project artist will make some nice designs (submissions are also welcome, of course) and of course there will a variety of gendered cuts and sizes to choose from. now we're getting into the meat of it! the software reward will include a lifetime usage license to any licensable part of the fly like a bird project (plus updates). you will be able to download the software from our project page when it is finished. the "software only" rewards are intended for the diy folks who want to build their own version of our kit, so if that is not your thing, then please consider going for one of our reward levels which include the hardware! what you will need: a reasonably modern laptop or computer the time and enthusiasm to build your own vision kit using our detailed instructions a vehicle or other application for your new remote presence system! optionally: an oculus rift avoid the hassle of downloading and installing a system image for the raspberry pi with the sd card reward! all the software will come preloaded on this handy sd card, ready to be used in a vision kit. it will be a high quality sd card of at least 8gb size and decorated with the fly like a bird logo for extra swish and easy distinction from your other sd cards. be one of the first to experience fly like a bird. it might be a rockety ride, but your dedication to the project and your feedback will help make it even better! sign up for this if you like "the beta thing". now we're getting serious! like the "full version", this "light" kit comes fully assembled and with all the hardware components of the full version   except for the 3 axis gimbal. with this you will have everything you need to attach to your vehicle, in order to stream live, low latency, full hd video to your laptop. unless your chosen support level also includes the 3 axis gimbal reward (see next reward), you will not be able to enjoy live head tracking out of the box, with an oculus rift, but perhaps you aren't so keen on that, or maybe you have your own plans for integrating a gimbal. what you will need: a reasonably modern laptop or computer wifi "n" or "ac" on your laptop or an access point you plug into a vehicle or other application for your new remote presence system! optionally: your own gimbal construction and an oculus rift okay, now this is the real deal! this reward adds a 3 axis gimbal to your camera kit, for full head tracking support. it will come installed, tested and ready to fly, for an amazing experience on the oculus rift! what you will need: a reasonably modern laptop or computer wifi "n" or "ac" on your laptop or an access point you plug into a vehicle or other application for your new remote presence system! strongly recommended: an oculus rift don't have a drone yet, or just want to add another one to your arsenal? then check this out! this reward comes with a (nearly*) complete, fully assembled, tuned, tested and ready to fly quadcopter. of course, it will be specifically designed to work well with the full version of the vision kit (which will come pre installed) and come with everything you need to fly. it will be a tough, powerful and beginner friendly machine, with gps guidance, and yet it will have plenty of oompf to grow with your abilities. it will be built from popular, off the shelf components and offer plenty of room for your own hacking and projects. what you will need: a reasonably modern laptop or computer wifi "n" or "ac" on your laptop or an access point you plug into strongly recommended: an oculus rift a suitable battery and charger (see comment below) * the quadcopter will be as assembled as we can make it, while keeping the shipping costs reasonable. unfortunately, due to recent air safety restrictions, it would also be more expensive for us to include the required lithium battery than for you, as a backer, to buy one directly. therefore, we have opted for the (admittedly somewhat uncool) choice of the "batteries not included" approach for this reward. of course, you may already have a battery and charger, but, in case you don't, we will make it as easy as possible for you to get what you need by sending you a link to the exact items we recommend. if you need them, you should expect to additionally spend about $85 aud ($70 usd) for a high quality battery and charger. make your kit unique, and show your commitment to the project with this special limited reward level! this reward adds some decorative and individualised finishing touches to the full version of the vision kit. the case of the kit will feature: optional engraving with a name or slogan optional signatures from the team optional artwork designed by the project artist, specifically for you the extent of your belief in our idea honours us. you must be as excited about the dream of flying as we are, so, with this reward, we will declare you an honorary team member and get you directly involved in our development journey. we will directly consult you for your input at key milestones, feature you with the team in any credits and welcome you to our humble perth (western australia) office for an early test flight of our production prototype. you are our hero! we have worked out the details of all the hardware and software we want to use and we already have a full working prototype. with our prototype setup, we can stream 1080p@30fps from a flying quadcopter to a laptop and display the image from the raspberry pi camera with a latency of (271+ 13.4)ms. all the concepts are proven. what we still need to do is: finalise the gimbal design wrap everything up in a nice user friendly package (mostly software work) create and ship the rewards! sadly, making awesome things can cost a fair bit of money, but we are committed to making this project happen as cheaply as possible. as such, we will only aim to cover our expenses and invest any spare funds back into the project. we have thoroughly crunched the numbers for this project and arrived at the following cost breakdown: don't hesitate to shoot us a message through  Jimmy Fraud ! we will do our best to answer everything! risks and challenges for the most part, we will be using well known, proven technologies and we have tried and tested most of the components in our working prototypes. we are already able to wirelessly stream live, low latency, full hd video from a flying drone to our laptop, so we do not expect any major issues to crop up. that said, there are three items which still carry some risk. schedule: we all know projects have a natural tendency to run late. the problem is, of course, that it is always hard to know how much work something is really going to be, until you have actually done it. most of the remaining work for us, however, is writing software and, fortunately, we all have extensive experience with writing software in a production environment and with a fixed release schedule. we have carefully broken down and estimated the remaining tasks, so hopefully things shouldn't go too far astray. gimbal: we believe that developing our own gimbal will provide the best performance and flexibility, as well as allowing us to minimise costs for anyone building the vision kit themselves, in the long term. we will still be building the gimbal from off the shelf motors and using a fully open source controller, but designing the mechanics will break some new ground for us. we do believe that we have the capabilities and, beyond that, we have many friends with formal backgrounds in mechanical engineering and dynamics, who are eager to help us out if we run into any unexpected problems. of course, we plan to tackle this task as early as possible during the course of the project, in order to minimise any risk. wifi: currently, we are still having problems with 5ghz wifi on the raspberry pi. we have had great success, when connecting to 2.4ghz networks, but the connection on 5ghz networks has been unreliable. using 2.4ghz is fine for the streaming itself (our measurement results are based on 2.4ghz), but we would really like to support 5ghz, since 2.4ghz is a frequency band used very commonly with hobby remote controls. fortunately, there are still many avenues for getting 5ghz support going, and we always have to option of falling back to 5ghz wifi “n”, which is still more than sufficient for our purposes. we will work on solving our 5ghz problem with wifi “ac” early in the project and inform our backers of our detailed findings as early as possible. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 