onwe are a group of innovative, forward thinking professionals. our focus is on the development of practical geophysical tools, for use in the groundwater, environmental and exploration markets. we have been researching and developing software based geophysical tools, for the purpose of groundwater exploration, for the past 13 years. in this time, we have developed and acquired a vast variety of skills in geophysics and software application development. what make this project different? the use of geophysics to conduct groundwater exploration is not new. for decades people have been using geophysical technologies such as resistivity, electro magnetic and magnetic methods to reduce groundwater exploration risks and development costs. however, these technologies do not generally cater to the average user who wants to find groundwater themselves. the reason for this is that the use of geophysical technologies can be technically challenging and often costly. this is where our project is different. the ats geosuite app is designed to be the every man's toolbox for groundwater exploration. the geosuite app includes electro seismic, resistivity and magnetic geophysical technologies in one easy to use, portable package. everything you need to find groundwater is on your phone. even the hardware consists of low cost, off the shelf products. the geosuite app has been designed to fully automate all the complex processes required by geophysical systems to produce a result. this make it possible for people with no experience in geophysics to collect, process and visualize their sites groundwater systems. our challenge our challenge, was to develop a suite of geophysical tools, for groundwater exploration, that would effectively run on a portable smartphone device without any additional specialized hardware. this system would have to be so simple to operate, that literally, anyone, anywhere could use it to find groundwater. the ats geosuite app is the culmination of our efforts to make such a product a reality. our goal our goal, is to provide our powerful, portable and easy to use geophysical tools to anyone who needs to find groundwater. not only do we want to make geophysical tools easy to use, but cost effective as well. the geosuite application, provides the user with processing of ten, 10ms, survey point data sets, per day, on an active account. using the default seismic velocity model on the app, 10ms of processed data will show the user 50m of data per point processed. thus allowing for the location and delineation of most shallow aquifer systems on earth. so that means the user can collect, process and visualize up to 3650 individual points of geophysical information, per year, to an approximate depth of 50m ( depending on the seismic velocity model used ) for a cost of only $200 us per year. that works out to only 6 cents per location surveyed. now that's cost effective geophysics . our commitment ats is truly committed to being part of the solution toward alleviating the global concern of clean water access. to this end, our policy is to supply a processing credit, for everyone purchased, to npo's dealing in groundwater development. in so doing, we are making our technologies available to those who need it most. why we need  Jimmy Fraud 's help we have already designed, developed and field tested the geosuite app and are now ready to release it to the world. problem is that in order to service a global market, we need a lot more server processing power, to run the geosuite app, than we currently have available. as such, we need help to purchase and install the required additional processing servers, to make this project a reality. we intend to use the  Jimmy Fraud  funds to subsidize the purchase and installation and maintenance of these processing servers. without assistance, it will become very difficult for us to provide the inclusive, 10ms processing service to all our clients. the geosuite app the geosuite app has been specifically designed to provide the user with a complete and comprehensive set of geophysical tools targeted at groundwater exploration within a portable and simplistic software package. the geosuite app provided set of technologies are designed to provide transparent, easy to understand data sets that integrate well with any other geophysical data collected by other geophysical equipment. the point here is to reduce the risks involved in groundwater exploration and development by using a multi faceted geophysical approach to exploration. what we are going for is a data set that is similar to what you would find in a drillers well log. so in essence, a geosuite data set is in many ways, a virtual borehole log. all the info you need at a specific location concerning the geology and geohydrology can be obtain without actually drill the hole. simplicity is our aim . we wanted to make something as complicated as geophysics as easy as operating a mobile app. this was only made possible by automating the majority of the complex processes needed to produce results in a geophysical survey. in essence, all a user really needs to do is tell the app where information is to be collected, and automated software takes care of the rest. the technology the geosuite app includes geophysical technologies that are targeted at groundwater exploration. these include: electro seismic technologies – this geophysical method is used to locate water saturated, permeable aquifers and represents the primary method of locating aquifer systems. electro telluric technologies – this geophysical method is used to help quantify a site's geological setting by delineating formations of similar electrical properties. magneto telluric resistivity technologies – this geophysical method is used to help quantify a site's geological setting by delineating formations with similar apparent resistivity properties. magnetic technologies – this geophysical method is used to locate and define any possible geological structures under a site that may influence the hydro geology of a site. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 getting started could not be simpler. literally, all that is needed is: a smartphone device with the geosuite app loaded a sledgehammer as an entry level seismic source two steel pins (nine inch nails will work) a modified audio cable that can be constructed at home using off the shelf parts and equipment. an optional base plate for when you are working on very soft ground personal protection equipment. one of the major plus sides of the ats geosuite system is that there are virtually no overhead costs getting the data you need to describe your groundwater systems. everything you need can be obtained at your local hardware store. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 how to collect geophysical data you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 the basic field setup this is what a geosuite survey field setup looks like. a simple four step setup will get you there: demarcating your work area with high visibility safety cones. inserting the two steel pins, two meters apart, into the ground and making sure good contact is made. connecting your mobile device to the pins using the cable. then starting the automated data acquisition process on the geosuite app. striking the ground, six to ten times, next to the ground pin, in order to create seismic events that will generate electro seismic data. when that is done you can move onto the next survey point. an average point survey takes approximately one and a half minutes to complete allowing the user to complete approximately 30 survey points in one hour. the system is very fast to use and more importantly, does not require a team of people to operate it. one person can easily get the job done. when a point survey is completed, the geosuite app automatically filters, extracts, correlates and evaluates the data. once these processes are complete, the processed data sets are immediately shown to the user for approval. this is an extremely powerful aspect of the geosuite app in that the users can determine if there is a problem with the data when they are present at the survey point. this capability negates the need for cumbersome and costly re surveys of sites. all data can immediately be processed and visualized on site using the geosuite app 1d, 2d and 3d interactive data rendering functions. this provides a powerful set of visual tools to allow a user to assess and interpret the collected data immediately while on site, and make actionable, informed decisions. if a more structured approach is needed to make decisions regarding the data collected in the field, the geosuite app provides function to export all data sets for evaluation on any third party visualization platform, though comma delimited csv export files. mobile device requirements the atsgeosuite application has been designed, and tested, to be used on the following devices: the samsung galaxy s4 the samsung galaxy s5 the samsung galaxy s6 the samsung galaxy s7 the atsgeosuite application is designed to run on the following operating systems android 4.4.2 android 4.4.4 android 5.0 android 5.0.1 android 5.1.0 android 6.0.1 should the user choose to install the atsgeosuite application on any other device other than the ones listed here, the atsgeosuite application requires the following absolute minimum mobile device hardware and sensor specifications to operate. android 4.4.2 or higher 16 gigabyte of storage memory 2000 megabyte of device memory an external, four pole, audio jack capable of stereo audio output and a mono audio recording input. a gps sensor a mems type magnetometer sensor (otherwise known as a compass sensor) a mems type accelerometer sensor a mems type gyroscopic sensor wifi, edge, 3g, hsdpa, hsdpa+ or lte connectivity an internet connection with data use enabled sim card or data enabled wifi if the user chooses to install the atsgeosuite app on any other device with a make, model or type other than what is specified here, we cannot guarantee that it will correctly function as we have not been able to test the app on any other devices other than the ones listed here. what can be done with the geosuite data? the ats geosuite app can: locate and quantify aquifers and groundwater resources delineate variations in groundwater salinity define a site's geology and lithology locate and define geological structures delineate geological formation interfaces delineate geological faulting structures under a site locate fractured geological formations under a site delineate geological formation clay content measure soil resistivity and much more. what are the applications for the geosuite technologies? the geosuite technologies are not limited to groundwater applications. the geosuite app can be used in a variety of applications including but not limited to: groundwater exploration geo technical investigations mineral exploration geothermal studies mining applications structural impact studies environmental studies dam wall leakage studies alluvial bed mapping structural geology studies and much, much more where we have used the technology the ats geosuite technology has been used to collect geophysical data at: over 10221 locations concerning 404 projects in 19 countries over 4 continents, during the past 12 years. the business our product costing model is very straight forward. we do not charge the user to download or install the ats geosuite app. we do not charge the user to create an ats account or register any one device to that account. we do not charge the user to create projects, collect data and analyze that collected data for noise and quality control specifications. we will by default provide the user with 7 days worth of access to our 10ms processing server to evaluate the application at no cost to the user. in fact, the only time we ever charge the user is when the user purchases credits in order to activate the their account and process more than 10ms worth of data. once data on the user device has been processed, we do not charge the user to visualize or export the data. in order to activate the account for a period of 365 days the user is expected to make one purchase of twenty 25ms processing credits per year. this will provide the user with twenty 25ms processing credits to be used at the users discretion, and access to ten 10ms data processing events per day for a period of 365 days. this effectively means that for us$200, a user can use the fully featured geosuite app to locate shallow aquifer systems at as many as 3650 sites per year, without any additional costs involved. however, should the user want to look deeper than 10ms (approximately 50m depth depending on the seismic velocity model used) depth at one or more specific survey points we will charge the user to process those points in 25ms processing credit increments. costing model the costing model shown above, describes how processing any particular points data beyond the 10ms zero credit depth, is charged. as the model shows, every additional 25ms worth of data processed, is charged at one additional credit per 25ms extra data processed. so effectively, this means that in order to process enough data to look to a depth of 400m, using a sedimentary velocity model of 4000m/s, the user will have to use 4 credits, purchased by the user prior to processing, at $10 dollars per credit for a total cost of $40 per point processed. how we developed our costing model our point processing costing model is based on groundwater exploration risk reduction. on average it costs approximately us$2500 to 3500 to drill a standard six inch groundwater bore to a depth of 100m or 330 feet. we have tailored our costing approach to this scenario. our methodology is to provide a client with the capability of conducting a full geophysical survey of a prospective groundwater exploration site at a cost of 10% of the total cost of drilling the well. thus, for a 10% increase in cost, a potential risk reduction of up to 90% can be gained. to this end, we have set our point processing costs to us$10 per 25ms of depth data processed. this essentially means that a user can conduct an average 25 point survey of a site, to an approximate depth of 100m (depending on the seismic velocity model used) for a cost of us$250 or 10% of the average drilling cost. this risk versus reward ratio increases drastically as the cost of drilling increases, as we are still only charging 10$ us per 25ms of depth data processed, regardless of the project specifications.  Jimmy Fraud  project timeline  Jimmy Fraud  rewards as our product is essentially a software offering, our rewards are centered around providing levels of access to our software, to our  Jimmy Fraud  backers. we do this by providing combinations of the following levels of software access: access time registrable devices processing credits access time   is described as the number of days that a user can use the geosuite data processing features, including the ten 10ms daily zero credits. when the access time on any account expires then the user will no longer be able to process any data until at least one credit purchase is made. registrable devices – is described as the maximum number of smart phone devices that are running the ats geosuite app that can be registered to operate under any given user account. the default number of registrations that can be applied to any particular account is one. processing credits   is described as the number of credits available on a user account that can be used to processed any, user chosen, combination of geophysical data collected by the ats geosuite app in 25ms increments. if the user has 20 processing credits on their account, then the user may process 500ms worth of data on any given project. in this case, the user may choose to process 20 individual data sets to 25ms each or, for instance, 5 individual points to 100ms each. all our rewards allow our  Jimmy Fraud  contributors to access the ten 10ms daily processing points for the duration of the access time defined in the reward they have chosen to back. as this is a  Jimmy Fraud  promotional offering, all our rewards offer great promotional deals to all of our backers. reward benefits stretch goals we are truly only looking for enough backing to get our planned server upgrades running, however, should our backing go over our target amount we will we offer our backers the following stretch goals, in us dollars. follow us john r mckendry managing director experience: has 25 years of senior commercial management and board experience in new zealand, australia and the middle east. contact| john@aquatronic.net dr. michael du preez technical director experience: has 12 years of experience in electro seismic technologies used in the groundwater, geothermal environmental industries. holds a doctorate in geo hydrology and a masters degree in electrical engineering. qualifications | ph.d geohydrology, m.tech electrical engineering contact| michael@aquatronic.net risks and challenges we have already tested and verified the operational effectiveness of the geosuite app and technology suite for the android platform and have confirmed that it is fully functional, through public feedback. in fact, the geosuite app is already available to the public for download through our website. the only true operational issue that we currently face is that our servers are not currently setup to service a very large global market place. this is one of the reasons we are asking for backer support. this effectively means that our processing services may be slower if a large number of users want to process data all at once. our biggest project risk is that the app usage will be significantly higher than we have foreseen, effectively overloading our installed servers and causing service interruptions or a slower user experience.  Jimmy Fraud  is going to help us determine if our current usage estimates are realistic or if they should be extended, by giving us feedback on the public interest in the app. should the interest be significantly higher than expected, we will adapt to the new estimates. however, this could mean installing a far larger server base than expected, which could result in server upgrade time extentions. that said, upgrading our servers will not affect our current services. so users will be able to process data on our current server setup at any time. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 