iptionwe are a dutch company registered in hoofddorp, the netherlands, and we are specialized in developing and designing electronic and mechanical equipment, as well as interception and bug sweeping systems today, in a world where the mobile computing industry is growing and offering increasingly advanced technologies and innovations, protecting the privacy and security of personal information is a growing global concern. just think of a lawyer, a business consultant, a manager or a politician, attending meetings, conferences, or simply enjoying a meal in a restaurant while discussing sensitive or confidential issues; we all want to be sure we are not being spied upon. the problem is that we could all be potential victims of privacy invasion without knowing it. micro spies, gps detectors, digital micro recorders (with prices ranging from 10 to 1.000 euros) that are used to intercept, eavesdrop and spy on you, can be purchased by anyone on the internet. features this object has a double function; besides being an elegant paperweight, it can be used as a bug detector. this bug detector can be used to detect rf radio frequency wireless broadband and is designed to intercept from 1 to 10 m firing frequency range of 100 2.600mhz between the wireless transceiver equipment (such as wireless pinhole video cameras and wireless tapping devices etc.) in all cases it can effectively prevent videotaping, for example: to prevent videotaping during business negotiations, checking whether there is a wireless pinhole camera in hotels, guest houses, changing rooms, places of entertainment, military facilities or government agencies, companies, factories, cinemas or art galleries, in order to protect personal privacy. how does it work? first, pull up the antenna hold down the large button and the led will light up. when you move around and receive radio wave signals, the led will start blinking and the buzzer will sound. once the search area is restricted, press the small button to search for signals at a short distance. the led will start flashing and the buzzer will sound intermittently. this bug detector uses smt technology and all components have undergone strict testing. technical specifications: the circuit has one function. that is to intercept any source of electromagnetic radiation, with frequencies ranging from 100mhz to 2,6ghz (micro spies, gps systems, gsm, micro transmitters). the sensor is connected to an antenna, integrated in the housing. once the receiver detects an abnormal signal, it is possible to track the source through the illumination of mini led, the brightness blinking increases according to the signal strength. when the maximum amplitude of the signal is reached, an audible signal will sound. 1) aluminum block from which the body is made 2) machining on the lathe from solid 3) machining quotas 4) machining with the milling cutter to obtain the body 5) surfaces where the circuits will be housed 6) external body 7) machining on the lathe of the buttons, led housing, antennas 8) double sided circuit of detector body, high sensitivity sensor 9) overview of the body, hidden closures 10) two separate circuits, one for the detector and antenna, the other for the battery and buttons 11) positioning of the antenna 12) pushing the large button, the led will activate; when detecting anomalous signals, it starts to flash and a buzzer will sound intermittently 13) intercepting the area, pushing the small button you can narrow done the search to find the exact location that causes signal generation 14) the led will start to flash again and the buzzer will sound at a higher frequency 15) test carried out with two types of microcircuits, 1) gsm bug   2) gsm bug with video camera 16) the first detection can take place within 6   7 meters and then refined by pressing the other button to identify the exact location of the bug 17) two optional antennas 18) brass insert on the closure, possibility to insert a handmade personal or company logo the detection circuit is mainly composed of two parts; the first part, the detection sensor, is connected immediately after the antenna, the second part, which manages the signal detected by the sensor: sensor the signal detected by the sensor will be amplified and modulated, then depending on the amplitude both the acoustic signal and the led will be activated: modulator and filter modulator and filter the entire project has been developed and tested on a breadboard: breadboard after having verified the correct functioning, we developed the printed circuit, suitable for use with smd components. design and materials design and materials in order to meet this requirement, i developed a system that has three important characteristics: 1) it is small and practical, dimensions 68x29 mm 2) outstanding technical specifications, circuit quality, high sensitivity probe. 3) refined appearance, entirely made in metal, aircraft aluminium, steel and brass. every part is handmade and hand finished, by lathe and milling machine. thanks to its shape, size and design, it has the appearance of an ordinary paperweight. shipping information for those who live in the eu, shipping will be added to your pledge and charged upon successful completion of the campaign. as of the launch date we have determined that we will be able to ship to the following other countries at the estimated shipping prices. shipping will not be charged as part of your pledge to  Jimmy Fraud , but instead will be charged after the campaign is complete and prior to shipping. e.u. (estimated shipping ~€20) u.k. (estimated shipping ~€20) usa (estimated shipping ~€25) if you don't see your country listed, please contact us and we will review policies and costs for shipment to determine whether we will be able to add you to the list. important: international shipping costs do not include custom fees, taxes, duties or other charges for the product to enter your country. please take into account any additional amounts that you may have to pay in order to receive the product and ensure that the imported product complies with your national and local laws. stretch goals stretch goal #1: once we reach the amount of €30,000, all those who donate a sum of €150 will receive a spyweight. those who donate €170 will receive the gadget with a custom stamped logo on top. if you donate €200 you will receive the gadget with a custom made logo, which is handmade and milled. however, this can only be done when we achieve the objective set. stretch goal #2: if we reach €50,000, we can develop as part of this project, a new desktop gadget, with the same identical features, but much smaller. you may also give your advice on possible different shapes. stretch goal #3: if we reach €70,000 or more, we will plan and develop new gadgets, which will always be a combination of decorative object and electronic device, but the appliance can have additional functions, such as: wireless micro telephone bugging devices vocal digital micro recorders gsm interceptor wireless cameras micro digital video recorders non linear junctions detector real time gps trackers 1 mhz   6 ghz bug detector wireless spy camera detector wireless spy camera scanner mobile phone detector multifunctional bugs detector for localization of radio wave radiation update #1 following some suggestions, i upgraded the gadget, this concerns an integration to the existing detection circuit. what is the upgrade: the new circuit in question, is a gps detector, and not only that: functions: real time monitoring geo fence alarm the trajectory query vibration alarm integrated microphone gps satellite positioning, lbs and agps 3.7v 400 mah lithium polymer battery description: mini size position tracker in real time. combine multiple functions in one, such as real time monitoring, geo fence alarm, trajectory query, vibration alert and microphone function. the main function of this circuit allows to make a call warning that there has been an intrusion in case someone moves it, then remotely you can activate the microphone to hear everything that happens in the room, in which the paperweight was taken, you can always remotely use the mobile phone or a computer to monitor all movements and trace its position. this circuit together with the other (bug detector), inserted in the paperweight form a complete monitoring system. the external container will be the same, the only changes will be the addition of a mini usb plug or a plug to recharge the battery, plus an additional internal antenna connected to the gps, a small hole at the base for the microphone, and an activation button for the tracker. gps new design spyweight timeline timeline risks and challenges this is a high quality and high precision product that requires close monitoring of tolerances to guarantee superior fit and finish. every single part of the housing as well as the antennas and the block to be used for the logo are entirely hand made, milled and turned from solid; this of course takes many hours of work, considering also the circuit and the assembly. if the target will be reached, a significant number of pieces can be realized in a short period of time by programming a cnc numerically controlled high precision machine, thus reducing costs considerably. it will always take a collaborative effort by me and my manufacturing partners. finally, although i am committed to working as closely as possible to the timeline, delays in the planning could occur. the most important thing for me is quality. therefore, i will not ship spyweight until i can personally see myself using it every single day. i will issue regular updates to keep you posted on progress and any challenges or potential delays i might run into. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 