tionwhat? finding man is a solo show that explores masculinity. it is yet to be made, though lots of preparatory work has been done, and the show will aim to peel back the layers of manliness to see what is underneath. my focus is to create stunning visuals with an exciting soundtrack whilst dissecting and investigating what it means to be a man. through clown, comedy and cabaret – performance styles i have much experience in – i intend to keep the show entertaining, fun and accessible to everyone. although it is a solo show i do not want it to be all about me. though my own experience of being a man will no doubt inform the piece and make it personal, the workshops and interviews for the research and development of the show are crucial to provide an informed foundation and allow me to explore masculinity in a broad sense. finding man is being produced in association with the award winning, international arts organisation zooco. this will provide the project with a great deal of marketing and producing support, enabling me to reach out to zooco’s existing audience following and links with venues across the uk and the globe. as an experienced company that has taken shows to edinburgh fringe festival and toured england and internationally, the team at zooco will be able to guide me through these parts of the process. greenwich theatre london are supporting the project with rehearsal space, marketing help and a run in their studio space during spring 2018. we plan to debut the show in croydon, as this is where a lot of the initial work for the project has taken place. it feels important to start the show here! who? my name is nick gilbert. for the past five years i have been making and performing theatre and have performed at the edinburgh fringe festival and toured around england as well as internationally. i am passionate about work that is visually compelling, genuinely moving and has something to say – be that exploring the bond of family or something larger like the nature of the universe. through all the shows i’ve been lucky enough to perform in i have worked in physical theatre, clown, cabaret, circus, character acting and live music. many of these styles and elements i hope to incorporate in this show. and now, in true self aggrandising style, here are some nice quotes about me that i ripped from reviews of shows i’ve been in… ‘[nick gilbert] is sharp and utterly hilarious ’ – exeunt magazine for giant, 2016 ‘nick gilbert mesmerises… portraying a clever microcosm of life’ – broadway baby for giant, 2017 over the past three years i have been looking into gender and masculinity through art, research and conversation. as part of the research and development for this project i held free workshops for all men over 18 in the croydon area, which provided me with plenty of insight and inspiration. i am also working on a series of short films involving interviews with people of different backgrounds, gender identity, race, age and ability. all this work will help inform the rehearsal process for the show. why? i am one of the founding members of zooco, an international, award winning arts organisation. at the core of this company is me and three other women. four years ago we were all attending a workshop and the facilitator asked me what it was like being the only male at the centre of the company working with three women. i had never thought about this before and soon began to realise that however little i had seen it previously, gender was at play. it never had any hugely negative impact, but it was there and it was happening. i then began to look into gender in a wider sense, including my relationship with a masculinity that i had attempted to deny for the majority of my teens. our ideas of gender are evolving so it feels like a crucial time to examine the ‘stock’ genders that we have assumed and accepted for years. masculinity in particular has a famously ugly side to it, becoming more apparent in the increasingly publicised sexual assault cases, the behaviour of many male public figures and the effects of these on the general population. we are faced with statistics such as; ‘suicide is the single biggest killer of men under 45 in the uk’ (  thecalmzone.net) and that the rate of suicide for men in the uk is ‘three times’ higher than that of women (  samaritans.org). the majority of men are likely to not talk about their problems and fears, which often leads to depression and anxiety. masculinity has other facets which seem to lead to situations like men being more likely to commit crime (from theft to assault and murder) and that industries such as, but not limited to, politics, business, media, sport and entertainment seem to favour men over women and place more men in positions of power. the root of these matters and many more seems to be our ideas of what it means to be a man. it feels important to investigate these ideas in order to find what truth there is to them and also to instigate positive change that can benefit everyone affected by these issues. don’t get me wrong, i’m under no delusion that this show is going to solve anything outright. however, it feels key to open and continue these conversations around masculinity and gender and that is the least that i do hope to achieve with this project. how? the show will be rehearsed at greenwich theatre during january and february 2018 before opening in croydon during the spring. it will then have a run at greenwich theatre before performing at the edinburgh fringe festival 2018. after edinburgh i plan to take the show on tour around england. this part of the project will help reach out to wider audiences and also contribute to the financial longevity of the project. i am also sourcing funding from relevant trusts and charities, holding fundraising events and making an application for funding from arts council england. i will continue to hold workshops both as stand alone events and also in conjunction with the show as it tours to different venues. some of these workshops will be free   as i think it is crucial to make work like this as accessible as possible – and some workshops will charge participants in order to continue funding the project. this will be decided on a workshop to workshop basis as appropriate. i also hope to collaborate with other artists across different mediums and have them creating work on these themes in a way that is sustainable and benefits both them and the project. how can you help? in order for all this to be possible certain things need to happen. the period for making the show is during january and february 2018 and is taking place at greenwich theatre london, who are providing rehearsal space as support in kind. however, there are still things that need to be paid for. marketing, set, props and costumes, a lighting designer and technician, external directors and venue fees for edinburgh are some of these things. that is where you can help. any money you donate will go towards these elements of making finding man possible. so please pledge, if you can! thank you. thank you so much for taking the time to check out this project that i feel so passionate about. i am extremely excited to see what this could become and hope that you can help me make that happen! thank you! nick gilbert :) risks and challenges as my first solo endeavour there are of course some risks involved. but what's life without a little risk! the teams at zooco and greenwich theatre london have already been offering me so much advice and support to guide me through these early stages. this support is set to continue to help minimise the risks and allow me to overcome the challenges along the way. funding applications being rejected is always a possibility. however, with the support and engagement opportunities involved in this work, we have been able to build some strong applications. as a solo show, with no set and only a few props and one costume, it is a fairly low cost venture, which should increase our chances of finding more funding, should any applications be denied. this also means that any costs i may need to cover myself will be relatively small. edinburgh fringe is a challenge all of itself. there really is no way to predict what will do well in edinburgh, as i've learnt over the past four years. however, with careful planning and seeking advice from zooco, greenwich theatre and the festival fringe office we can give ourselves the best chance of getting in those audiences! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 