on auf www.sunna wedra.de how sunna wedra works? solution sunna wedra provides a warning of storms in real time. this allows emergency plans to be initiated in time. the effects of solar storms on the earth can be better determined. our solar storm warning system is a concept with several cubesats. are exposed to satellites in space and positioned in the earth sun line in v   shaped arrangement. the satellites are arranged in an earth removal of about 2 million km to approximately 7.6 million km and at a distance of 2 million km. this measurements in an unknown environment are for the first time possible. it can give accurate predictions about storms and winds. measuring instruments, accurate information on the speed, temperature and density of the particles of the solar storms is on the satellite. these are transmitted directly to the earth station. this enables timely protection measures on the ground. the satellites are technically equipped with the state of the art components and are held by a novel ion propulsion in your positions. the satellites receive and send data, which they pass on to a ground station at any time. removed by the removal of satellites of up to 7.6 million kilometers from the earth, we want to create a pre warning time by up to 400% with detailed data about the captured solar storm. through our alert service we can inform the people concerned this, so that you can protect yourself and your family in a timely manner. why do we need  Jimmy Fraud ? we have been working for years on this project and have financed them so far from our own resources. technical progress makes it now possible to implement our project into reality. so investors in the implementation with us, they would have clearly defined the risk of a feasibility study. this is why we need your support. to lift our project to the next level, we need a total € 300.000. we need € 200.000 for the feasibility study and for the propulsion design study € 100.000. from our talks with various companies, they need about 3 6 months for the preparation of the study. next, we will attract investors, to ensure the financing of the first two test satellites. this is why we need an amount of about € 7 million then this amount is required inter alia to the construction of the satellites included drive. licenses must be purchased, permits must be obtained, also incurred startup costs and transport costs. of course we will update you about the development of  Jimmy Fraud . in addition, we inform in the social media facebook and twitter. you can also find more information on our website www.sunna wedra.com this is also the access to our hall of fame, all of our backers. can you imagine the world without electricity? the problem the sun is the source of life of earth. the sun can affect our high tech world but also always destructive. so called solar storms are electromagnetic particles that fly the second from the sun in the space with several thousand kilometres and therefore also in the direction of earth. violent storms have up to a billion tons of weight and an energy of about 20 million nuclear bombs. solar storms occur almost daily to the sun and also regularly reach our earth. the largest, ever recorded solar storm occurred in 1859. the event became known as the "carrington event". due to the high electrically charged particles were many telegraph stations, and fires were all over the world. that was the year 1859, before there was radio, electricity networks, mobile networks, gps, satellite and countless other technologies and now are threatened by storms at any time. a carrington event could cause a damage of more than €2 trillion euro   only in north america   at the present time. the recovery of systems might take four to 10 years. in 2012, we escaped lucky such a disaster, as a huge solar storm narrowly missed the earth. spaceweather   effects *nasa/noaa solar storms are electrically charged particles and coronal mass ejections (cme) from the sun. you can have fatal consequences on earth. solar storms are able to completely shut down our power supply. transformers in substations would be irreparably damaged in a fraction of a second. since the number of "reserve transformers" is limited, the recovery could take years and the costs would go probably in the billions. our infrastructure would collapse, computers and mobile phones were not working, were the logistics of our inventory system, aircraft could no longer launch or land, banks will no longer be able to ensure the supply of money, our financial system would collapse in ergo. without electricity works as good as anything on earth. and not just there... satellites that are as essential to our traffic control systems on land, air and sea were also affected. in short: after 24 hours   at the latest   the chaos will break out in the cities. fortunately we are on earth through our earth's magnetic field before the storms usually well protected. unfortunately but not sufficient enough to prevent a possible chaos in a timely manner. therefore, this project is urgently needed in time to warn us against this danger. background the idea behind sunna wedra was established in the year 2004, as i, denise jones, thoughts effects of storms on the earth, and how you can protect made me about the fatal. 2004 i became aware through the media on the effects of solar storms. my fear, not knowing how you can protect yourself especially your child that you love about everything, all the more encouraged me to find a solution for such a worldwide problem. my training to the it   specialist for system integration, as well as my experience as a security advisor helped me here. by chance i met an expert from the aerospace after a few years, who encouraged me in my idea. he has seen a possible solution to the danger as i do in my project. since i deal more intensively with this project. the holistic approach to the solar storms and the devastating effects that can arise for the earth have inspired me after many years of intensive research to this solution. experts go assuming that the question is no longer, whether us a mighty solar storm as 1859, known as taking effect, carrington. rather, such a scenario is only a matter of time. currently a such solar storm would return us to the stone age. my guess was that series of natural disasters could be in connection with storms on earth. my interest was piqued and so pronounced that i have wanted information about this topic in the books and on the internet since then in every free minute. the previous early warning systems (based on e.g. ace  , soho, dscovr satellite) appeared insufficient to information content and time, so i have to go mentally new ways. many of my suspicions have been confirmed now. there are confirmed relationships that are caused by solar storms, earthquakes and tsunamis. a.c.e. satellite the influence of the earth's magnetic field by solar storms can also be brought in a context. recent research has confirmed the influence on our climate by solar storms. current studies assume that a massive solar storm has influenced life on the pristine earth millions of years ago. solar flare *nasa/noaa many people know about solar storms in the context, if at all, with the aurora. these are often in the northern and southern regions of the world to admire. unfortunately, our knowledge/awareness of this "beautiful" danger is not pronounced. aurora borealis   estonia sunna wedra is committed to the goal, at the risk of bringing these auroras circumstances for humanity with himself to point out more and more. the name sunna (ancient germanic sun goddess) wedra (weather) comes from the old germanic, meaning "sun weather". in a figurative sense to assign and hereby on the solar winds. video informationen „deutsch" video information „english" competition currently, there are hardly any measures or warning systems that can warn us in time before one of these solar storm. world's governments prepare for such an event. "this is an acute and real danger, this is a real threat", warns government representatives bill murtagh in the washington post, beginning 2016. president obama (november 2016) is warning against solar storms and develop an executive order to handle immediately with the order. here are our goodies for you: and if you just want to donate. we will thank you with a place at our hall of fame   membership wall hall of fame   membership if the mission is successful and the data is received, you will receive a free time limited access to the warning app, depending on the status. this will be released after the launch of the satellites and you will be informed in time. timelaps please, help us to make the world safer! thanks denise jones risks and challenges in the aerospace industry, there are always unpredictable risks. in the phase of the project, we have held many talks with various experts have confirmed the feasibility of the project to us. our drive is tested in the laboratory and confirmed. the satellite and the components are state of the art and are defined in the feasibility study. with one of our test satellites, we want to test this drive then live. the risk of faulty shock does exist always. the drives newly tested in the past, were all successful with a few exceptions, and have successfully confirmed the previous tests in the laboratory. our new drive has excellent test results achieved with more than 98% success result here. most of the newly tested drives have been considerably longer, partly operated for years, as forecast. for this reason, we are firmly convinced that we will succeed to make safe our life on earth. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 