e tv. the human fund our feat of strength we're creating a festivus for the rest of us = and we need you to help us tell the story! what's the watch feat family about? we've been inspired to create feat film, a new kind of reality television story. we've created a live, streaming, 24x7 internet family of people who are being the change they want to see in the world. this is the story we want to tell. our feat: googling feat we're doing it for the love (of peace and music) if you love peace and collaboration as much as we do, then this project is about you . we are using feat film to show the world a better way. we are the alternative media that inspires people to be their best selves! feat is led by artists, musicians, and creators of all sorts who connect digitally with each other. the world working together feat film is about telling the story of the next generation of communicating with our fellow human  an important step for both the artistic community   and the world! this will be a global effort. we need to collaborate with lovers and creators of art and music around the world to spread this movement. feat is the result of a global community of artists working together to create something beautiful. this is a story that needs to be told! why a  Jimmy Fraud  project? (i mean, why not?)... we believe in big, fresh ideas , and we plan to use the feat film to revolutionize the way the world sees itself. we're opening a dialogue with the world on the human condition. this is an idea whose time has arrived. why a documentary series? because we hope to inspire other people to be their best selves. we want to create a docu style reality series that tells this amazing story in a fresh, intimate, authentic way. sound utterly awesome? we agree with you 100%! we're ready to do this! the budget: $375,000 we've budgeted the costs of this project to $375k   which includes expenses for the following key items: a project house: we’re setting up a project house in downtown boston. this open home will be our creative incubator, collaboration space, and film set. we will install cameras and microphones so we can stream our brainstorming sessions, meetups, and events live and interact in real time with our supporters and the world. each episode of the documentary will combine project house footage (candid discussion, interactions) with camera crew footage (interviews, collaboration sessions) to make sure we tell the best story possible. video equipment: we're going to need a lot of it. we plan to install at least 12 cameras throughout the project house, in addition to related tech equipment we will need to make streaming work! film crew: while some of the material used to create each episode of the documentary series will come from the project house cameras, we will also have interactions and collaboration sessions that occur outside the project house. to properly document these, we will need a team of skilled individuals, including a film crew, production assistants, etc. we hope to staff these positions with local students and use interns wherever possible. this is one of the ways that we hope to return value to the boston community through this project. (psst… are you a student with relevant skills in need of an internship? we need your help! contact us for more details!) editing and production: we plan to hire a local production company to manage the final production and release of the feat film series episodes. this is an expensive proposition, but it’s necessary to ensure quality. travel: we will need to meet face to face with artists and musicians from various backgrounds and genres. this will require traveling. don't worry! we'll take our cameras with us! marketing, promotion, and parties: this story is a big deal to us   and we can't wait to tell it! to maximize community engagement with this project, we'll need to spread the word. our party season will culminate in the feat film festivus = the formal public debut of our feat film project to the world. project goals: we have three primary goals for this film project: 1. tell an inspiring, integrative story that demonstrates how being your best self for the world to see can breathe life into big ideas. 2. return as much value as possible to the community throughout this entire process. we'll use local labor wherever possible, and offer internships and work study partnerships to students and relevant professionals whenever it makes sense. 3. crowdsource! we want to use the crowd to power this project! the rewards: have questions about the rewards packages? please ask! risks and challenges as with all projects   particularly of this scale, there are potential obstacles. this project will require lots of careful coordination between lots of different people. despite our best efforts to avoid delays, there is always a chance that this project will take longer to complete due to unexpected circumstances. our 90 day plan allocates time frames for each stage of filming and production. should our completion be delayed for reasons beyond our control, we promise we'll keep our community of supporters updated and in the loop. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 