ionhu.b (hu be)   making sound simple pair any 6 bluetooth speakers, anywhere! never again let a company define what speakers you use! use any bluetooth enabled speaker to create individually designed surround sound in your home, on the go, or anywhere else. we at vostok air love music and sound, which is why we believe you should be able to enjoy it everywhere, with ease. we are committed to bringing you the easiest way to use any speaker combination. hu.b fits right at home in any living room we have not created a new speaker, but rather a hub, aptly named hu.b (hu be). this hub allows you to create a network of wireless speakers, and headphones. whether you really want to show your friend a cool new album, or get the party started, the hu.b provides you the avenue to do just that. with a large battery capacity, one can truly enjoy surround sound on the go. hu.b’s long lasting battery also enables you to charge your devices on the go. simplicity is important, that's why we are bringing the user, you , a simple and very easy to control interface, that will allow each source (speaker) to have a unique sound signature to resonate from it. does it work? you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 yes, hub works quite well, this prototype is a great first step, but only with this campaign becoming successful can we achieve, accessible, inexpressive and simple wireless surround sound. why is it better than other options? flexible : you can use any speaker you want customizable : you can choose how you listen to your music or media portable : with its small size you can take it anywhere and with a powerful battery, it will be there for you when you need it use any speaker, anywhere, anytime controlling hu.b main page of app selected tile how to use it: step 1: simply download and open the application. step 2: make your bluetooth speaker or headphone available for pairing. click on the tile you want to control. step 3: once connected you will be given options to adjust the volume as well as options for an equalizer. step 4: by clicking on a non occupied tile you will be able be able to do steps 1 3. step 5: play the media you want, it will play from all the speakers that’s have been paired (up to 6 speakers) (it acts as a speaker! which means all your favorite music applications will be compatible) other useful information: the application automatically finds and shows you the speakers that are in range, allowing for a simple, intuitive and easy to use interface. some technical information: above are the minimum specifications of the hu.b the final product may have more features, not less. the above is a brief outline of how we will ensure sound quality is not lost in the process of delivering sound to multiple speakers. our patent the above picture depicts in a very simple way how the hu.b functions. hu.b will work flawlessly within a room, and unless your walls are made of concrete it will allow you to fill the whole floor with sound the team: grigori zakharov: as the creator of this project, i plan to deliver the best product possible. i had a problem which the market was not able to solve. i therefore decided to create a solution to my problem. i am using the knowledge and skills i have learned in business school to bring an amazing product to market. i have a great team of people who excel in their respective fields and are great assets to my team. we are currently finalizing the prototype. my resources as a university student, are quite small, but our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign will allow anyone to have easy to use and inexpensive way to create wireless surround sound. we are also committed to full transparency and will therefore have weekly updates. rest assured, all questions related to the project will be answered timely and effectively. we are committed to providing you the best customer experience. brian ferch studies computer science at carleton university, and is the head developer of the hu.b app. he has experience building applications (most notably a web based application for unicef), with knowledge, skills and experience that been crucial to the design of the hu.b app. terry abramson is a computer engineer, who is currently working towards a degree in computer science. he is the head developer of hu.b creating the first functional prototype. *ongoing simply means that we aim to bring the best possible product to our backers. having a manufacturer without knowing demand is a trusted way to loose much needed capital. a lean approach is being used, thus spending will only occur when it can ensure a step closer to having the prototype turn to a hu.b in your home! **ongoing represents our current challenge to operate in this space while having our intellectual property protected. options: the hu.b comes in 3 wonderful colours: hu.b in matte black hu.b in natural wood hu.b in gloss white what is the problem that we are trying to overcome? current speaker manufacturers create proprietary connections. this means you must purchase all your speakers from said manufacturer and pay a fee that gives you the ability to play music from more than one speaker. bluetooth 5.0 and up allows the user to connect to up to 2 wireless speakers; however, this will not be the standard for at least a few years. also, in this case, the limit of speakers in use will still be 2. this is not only problematic for many people, but it also creates barriers in regard to how you use your media. we want the you to be able to take control of your media and customize it to fit your personal needs and preferences. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 this project is the first step of vostok air to create hardware which will simplify many peoples needs when it comes to audio. while making it simple and easy, we are also working on making this technology assessible in terms of cost. hu.b is a proof of concept to a much larger vision of making anything that has a wire to no longer require one. if all goes according to plan, any wire that does not deliver power to the device can be replaced with inexpensive and easy to use wireless solutions. part of our vision is working closely with consumers like you, to enhance people’s audio consumption. through our ‘vair membership’, you will be given access to not only the development process, but also exclusive rights to receive future hardware completely free. due to its importance, this membership is reserved for only 10 people. meaning 10 people who wish to bring hu.b to life will reap the benefits of a wireless future much faster than everyone else. vostok air is new, very new; but its mission to rid the world of wires will continue to grow and expand until everything that can be wireless, becomes wireless. we believe that brilliance lies in simplicity, and thus every product will be simple, easy to use and inexpensive. endorsed by: communicate with us, you feedback and support it crucial to hu.b becoming a part of our lives: risks and challenges we are looking to create a system for users to create wireless surround sound. the pieces are falling into place. we will make sure to keep all the backers updated and in the loop. currently, the biggest challenge for us is finding a manufacturer that can ensure product quality and timely deliver. our goal is to bring people an easy and inexpensive way to create surround sound. we hope that you will help us spread the word about hu.b, and make your and the world's sound simple. as we are in the beginning stages, it is very hard to show legitimacy, that is why we are being as transparent as possible. any questions that our customers may have, we will do our absolute best to answer and respond. there will be no surprises with this project! currently, the resources that are available are very limited, creating a technological product involves a lot of capital. we have been able to keep costs down by doing as much as we can in house. our campaign ensures that hu.b will be delivered to the customer in a reasonable time frame. we will follow all timelines to ensure timely delivery. we are working hard, and will continue to do so! we ask for your help in sharing our mission to allow anyone, anywhere to create wireless surround sound. reaching our goal is definitely going to be a challenge, but with your help and our commitment to transparency we will work together to ensure all parties are happy and satisfied. thank you. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 