 | 303 newbury street | a record store re imagined built by creative rebels for creative rebels (click green box above to view full background video of this exciting project!) the aim of this project is to create a unique physical space on the most iconic retail street in boston where creative rebels can meet, listen to music, shop, have a coffee, and ultimately converse and collaborate. we look around at cityscapes, not only in boston, but all across the country and see amazing places like old record stores, music venues, and bookstores all being pushed out of existence by bigger corporate players. that reality bothers us. we ultimately decided to try and bring something real and authentic back to people with a space like what we're envisioning at 303 newbury st. the entire line of encore t shirts carries the message of 'life is short. play it loud.' and each come individually packed in custom record sleeves. given record stores have always had such a strong community around them, we wanted to recreate that type of magic with this space. i.e. a record store re imagined. our execution plan centers around the fact that people [aka creative rebels] will want to help build a space like this. we can't do this alone and we wouldn't want to do this alone. for us there is nothing more important that having an inspired community connected to the launch of this physical space. in addition to the limited edition rewards [see below] tied to supporting this project, we'd like to have the name/signature of every person that supports the launch of this project prominently displayed in this record store re imagined. limited edition encore 'back stage pass' bottle opener   roadie level limited edition encore '303' skullnote trucker   sound check level limited release 'project encore 303' t shirt   promoter level limited edition encore 303 skullnote raglan   venue manager level limited run encore 303 skullnote hoodie   tour manager level in terms of timeline   we'll execute as much of the building plan as we get financial support for! we'll be starting the build out as soon as possible on the back of the support we receive. we've budgeted an expected cost of $16,000 to turn this vision a reality. we think that estimate is pretty accurate, but in the event we have overestimated the cost, all additional funds raised (and not needed) will be used to purchase guitars that will be donated to kids at public schools and/or other non profit organizations via 'project encore'. if we've underestimated the final cost, all additional funds raised will continue to go toward investment into this physical build out. why do we care about doing this? in a world full of corporate blandness, we need physical places like this to connect! a place to listen to great music, a place that maybe feels straight out another another period of time. music remains one of the great connectors of humanity, and in an era of such divisiveness, we are committed to building a space that we hope in some small way can bring people together and help make a positive impact on the world. record store re imagined   main wall record store re imagined   guitar donation wall, cold brew station, encore album covers record store re imagined   sitting area for live music record store re imagined   view from sitting area to front entrance record store re imagined   view from above risks and challenges our goal is to bring this physical project to life in the shortest amount of time possible. we want to get the doors to the record store re imagined at 303 newbury street open to you all asap! with any building project though, you are subject to contractor delays, unexpected costs, and other unforeseen issues. we've tried to use our best estimates in terms of setting a reasonable financial forecast for what we think it will cost to create the space as we've designed it. with all forecasts there maybe additional costs than we've planned for. the biggest challenges will be working with a tight timeline and being 100% accurate with our financial planning. we are committed to working around the clock to bring to life as much of our design plan as possible so as to ultimately provide an amazing physical space for all the creative rebels that helped us make this broad vision a reality. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 