orchard by fallen fruit the endless orchard is a real living fruit orchard planted by the public, for the public. a massive living public artwork that anyone can eat from! it takes a community to grow an endless orchard — and you can help bring this sustainable, collaborative public artwork to fruition. community call to action    join us in creating this ongoing project. together, we can make our cities like community gardens! together, we will make the largest and most generous collaborative public artwork in the world. fruit is a resource that could be commonly shared. we can almost taste the fruit now! it's easy on the endless orchard: just plant, map, and share fruit! urban fruit trails 'tree adoption' and planting at rueben ingold park in culver city. about the endless orchard: the endless orchard is a massive sustainable, living public artwork: the planting and mapping of urban fruit trails. individuals plant the trees in front of their homes and businesses, and as the branches grow over the sidewalks, anyone can get a taste of this collaborative work of edible art. it's also a way to navigate these urban fruit trails (fruit trees that are planted, tended and harvested by the public) via a free online portal that allows the public to explore, create, plant, map and share these experiences. in the heart of los angeles, there will be a trail head marker, a "monument to sharing," celebrating the planting and enjoying of fruit in neighborhoods around the world. all are welcome   come share with us! the endless orchard opens up collaboration to cultural organizations and individuals, welcoming everyone to plant a fruit tree in front of your home or an urban fruit trail in your neighborhood. you can share backyard fruit, or map existing trees in public spaces. anyone, anywhere, can plant, map and share fruit. the california state historic park becomes a central landmark and a site for the trail head ‘ monument to sharing ’ leading to urban fruit trails that reach into neighborhoods around los angeles and out into the world. urban fruit trails in riverside and culver city! a giant edible public artwork planted along sidewalks and interstitial urban spaces, explore and enjoy cities in a new way! public fruit trees form a series of walking trails. signage placed at each tree identifies it as part of a network of the endless orchard. planted by individuals in front of their homes or businesses, tree branches grow over sidewalks to become accessible to the public. they can be planted in collaboration with cities in public spaces and parks. street side plantings delineate trails that connect neighborhoods  including food deserts void of available fresh organic fruit. fruit is a transcultural symbol of sharing. we believe in the power of fruit! we will complete the project in 2 phases: phase 1 : february 2016   we will install 200 trees in the area surrounding los angeles historic state park, a food desert, and create a user friendly endless orchard website where anyone can plant, map and share fruit! phase 2 : june 2016  we will install a trail head marker, a "monument to sharing," within the orange grove at the los angeles state historic park in downtown los angeles and launch the 'endless orchard' mobile app. the endless orchard app and website will be free to the public . users can navigate trails as well as plant, map, share and grow this sustainable interactive public art. during the first phase of the project, we will build a user friendly, collaborative endless orchard website, endlessorchard.com . the site will be a collaborative social media portal that anyone can participate in helping expand. it is easy to get involved! just plant a fruit tree along the sidewalk or fence of your home or business, or map a fruit tree that exists in public space. download the app, take some pictures and upload them to your fruit tree locations. the website and app will become a resource and sharing tool for backyard fruit. fruit trails also become treasure hunts or fun ways to experience the sweetness of nature. the endless orchard website and app is developed in collaboration with code rodeo . also in phase one, we will purchase 200 fruit trees to form urban fruit trails in neighborhoods that surround downtown los angeles. we will purchase dirt, stakes, rental equipment, endless orchard tree tags, fertilizer, bare root and boxed fruit trees and also host a public fruit tree adoption at lashp (los angeles state historic park) in february 2016. here's our creative capital presentation about the endless orchard : neighborhoods, cultural institutions, schools, or individuals can form groups to plant fruit trees and then map their own urban fruit trails in a positive and socially active way to celebrate people and place. the public can attach photos of their planting, send messages to the trees, upload artwork, poems, videos or stories tagged to each tree location. it’s like easter eggs or ornaments on a holiday tree   but accessible to the entire world through the magic of the internet. a giant edible public artwork! join us ! fruit trees live longer than most people, and by expanding the endless orchard into your community you are sending a message to your kids   maybe even your kids’ kids’ kids!   not to mention supporting a positive collective attitude about sharing, community goodwill and commitment to sustainable lifestyles. urban fruit trails with hearts of los angeles, 2014. the very first urban fruit trail! california state historic park, phase 2 cshp the site for the monument to sharing the california state historic park will become the site for the 'monument to sharing,' the trail head for the endless orchard. the endless orchard website, will connect with the urban fruit trails and fruit parks that fallen fruit has planted in other cities including portland, manhattan, the bronx, omaha, puerto vallarta, and riverside. upcoming trails include detroit, new orleans, louisville, and more. public volunteers helped plant the new public fruit park at the park to playa trailhead in november 2015. locations that we have already planted in los angeles include westlake , park to playa trail head, and del aire park with hearts of los angeles (hola), la parks and rec, la county arts commission, and supervisor mark ridley thomas. project goals: to allow for a simple action to make a difference in the world, like planting or mapping just one fruit tree. to use the margins of public and private space to create a public resource of fresh fruit for everyone to share or a treasure map to explore. to make neighborhoods more beautiful and friendlier and to make parks more inviting and responsive to public needs. to foster collaboration among community members and organizations and the world. to inspire dialogue by designing creative and unique fruit inspired installations. to encourage everyone to give back to their city and community. public fruit trees are safe to eat! see the study here . fallen fruit collage , 2015 over time the trees will become well picked and openly used by residents and passersby   a living symbol of sharing, and a communal public resource. the endless orchard movement relies on those who know a city best   the people who live there   to envision what their own neighborhood would be like with the addition of trees bearing fruit, knitted together with other neighborhoods by pathways of apples, peaches, apricots and pears. sign up on our email list if you want to participate. join us in building this amazing public fruit resource! partners and supporters: this project is a grantee of the creative capital emerging field and the muriel pollia foundation. other partners include code rodeo, mountains recreation & conservation authority, art matters, kent bellows mentoring program, bronx river art center, caldera, bemis center for the arts, los angeles county arts commission, the cathedral of st. john the divine, los angeles city college foundation, heart of los angeles (hola), los angeles public library foundation, portland art museum, la eyeworks, martone cycling, los angeles state historic park, the office of supervisor mark ridley thomas, young oak korean academy, and more! about fallen fruit  david burns and austin young: fallen fruit is a collaborative art project that began in los angeles in 2004 by making maps of “public fruit” – fruit that grows on or over public property. since this time the projects have expanded to include diverse site specific artworks that embrace public participation, temporary art installations, and social media focused actions. fallen fruit’s art works encourage the public to experience their city as a fruitful, generous place, inviting people to engage in sharing and collectively explore the meaning of community and collaboration. recent exhibition projects include commissioned works by lacma, queensland art gallery/gallery of modern art, athens biennale, prospect 3+, bemis center for contemporary art, portland art museum, wexner center for the arts, among others. fallen fruit was originally conceived by david burns, matias viegener and austin young. since 2013, david and austin have continued the collaborative work. fallen fruit uses fruit as a common denominator to change the way you experience the world. #fallenfruit #urbanfruittrails #endlessorchard join us!! together we can change the world! rewards: digital wallpapers lemon wallpaper, fallen fruit, 2015   dimensions variable click here to see more the endless orchard badge!, 2016 button pins courtesy of www.camaloon.com kitty kat banana fruit picking bag, 2015 grow a pear! t shirt, 2015 grow a pear on the endless orchard! apple wallpaper (rainbow paradise edition art poster), 18"x24" 2015 click here to see more fallen fruit wallpaper patterns. emerald green fruit picking glasses, 2016 chosen especially for the endless orchard by the iconic house of l.a. eyeworks. fallen fruit collage, 2015 fallen fruit maps  hand drawn public fruit maps of various cities. klick here to see more maps. framed portrait of margaret cho wearing a fruity hat!, 2015 portrait of margaret cho by austin young neighborhood infusions , urban fruit trails edition, public fruit picked from the streets of los angeles infused in spirits, 2015 fallen fruit collages, 2015 rainbow fruit picking bikes, (double rainbow edition,2015 for more info about martone cycling click here the rainbow bikes were featured on design milk risks and challenges common questions why will this project be successful? fruit is a symbol of generosity and bounty. fruit is not attached to a specific class system or religious belief system. often fruit will trigger a positive childhood memory. fruit is relatable to all people at every stage of life. most importantly fruit is considered to be gift and a signal of hospitality around the world and crosses generational boundaries. what keeps the fruit trees from being destroyed? communities that thrive in cities have communal resources and they are also places that create urban experiences that are unique. urban fruit trails create this kind of space that invites the public to explore the city in a unique way. signs are placed at the trees explaining that they are part of a system of urban fruit tree trails and they are sharing with others. what if one person picks all the fruit? fallen fruit believes that public fruit trees are for sharing and that language will be installed at the trail sites. however, if a person is greedy and over picks a tree the good news is that there will be more fruit next year. it is more important to understand that the trees want to be picked and that these fruit trees are a symbol of generosity and good will on the part of the city. fallen fruit does not believe in “policing” or administrating the use of public fruit or any particular public resource. overtime the trees will be well picked and become a part of this community and used by the residents and passerby without hesitation. this can be validated by the use of the public fruit maps of silverlake, sunset junction and echo park as local examples of neighborhoods in other cities in the united states that are supporting this concept and respectfully sharing a community resource. what types of fruit trees will you plant in this first phase in los angeles? the year round growing season in southern california makes it possible to plant apples, avocados, berries, figs, grapes, grapefruit, guavas, lemons, limes, oranges, peaches, persimmons, plums, pomegranates, and more. the conditions found at each specific location will help to determine which trees are planted. considerations are taken in the prevailing microclimate of a location while keeping in mind the benefit of supplying a broad variety of fruit for the use of residents and guests. who will clean after the trees? who will take care of the trees? individuals who plant, will take care of the trees. the fruit trees installed in the urban fruit trails on public spaces will become part of the thousands of trees integrated into the grids of neighborhood street trees. they will require not additional or special maintenance or care other than that which is provided by department of public works/bureau of street services. is it ok to use reclaimed water? yes! fallen fruit will plant hardwood fruit trees, such as citrus and stone fruits that do not take on any possible contaminants that may pre exist or become introduced into the soil. in addition, deciduous trees naturally shed any possible toxin by losing their leaves in the autumn and this is a natural renewal process for the trees similar to animals that grow and shed body hair. how will the trees be watered? once established (after 3 years typically), more fruit trees require very little care. the fruit trees planted in public spaces will be installed at locations that already have existing access to watering systems. if necessary, existing watering systems with an adaptive pvc integrated drip irrigation system can be augmented with the assistance and approval of the city and/or county. the trees should be watered at least twice a week for the first year and could be scaled back to once per week after the first 12 months depending on the weather. the approved maintenance schedule and instructions can be provided upon request. will the fruit trees leave a mess? fruit tree varieties were carefully selected that are lower maintenance and also trees that have a longer season of ripeness. if the trees grow tall the lower fruit will get picked and then this will invite people to climb to reach the higher fruit. will this place people at risk? the term is often referred to as “attractive nuisance” and is essentially an unfounded myth in regard to fruit trees in public space. there are thousands of fruit trees that exist in public space and on the margins of public space throughout the cities in the united states. maps created by fallen fruit beginning in 2004 illustrate hundreds of examples of these locations. there has never been a case where a fruit tree was the cause of injury to the public in any regard. regarding the height of the fruit trees, fallen fruit will on plant dwarf and semi dwarf fruit trees. the benefits of public fruit trees public fruit trees are money savers and money earners. the us department of agriculture (usda) and the us forest service (usfs) report that public trees not only save money by their impact on the environment and public health, they can also increase consumer spending in retail areas by 12%, and increase property values by up to 10%. • trees earn $5.60 in benefits for every dollar spent on them (million trees nyc) • a small urban tree earns $9–$14 per annum, increasing to $78 p.a. for a large tree (usda) • over 40 ¬‐years 150 ¬‐fruit trees will accrue a $108,000 return for the city (usfs) public fruit trees benefit the environment. u.s. forest service calculations suggest that every year 150 mature fruit trees will: • catch 306,000 gallons of rainwater in their spongy root systems • remove 39 tons of co2 from the atmosphere • remove 457lbs of pollutants from the air public fruit trees reduce crime. "a 10% increase in tree canopy was associated with a roughly 12% decrease in crime." (university of vermont, 2012). “the greener a building’s surroundings were, the fewer crimes reported." (university of illinois, 2001) trees reduce crime either by drawing more people to public spaces (jane jacobs' "eyes on the street" theory); signaling that people care about their neighborhood (james q. wilson's "broken windows" theory); or fostering community cohesion and a greater sense of security (the illinois study indicates that neighborhoods with significant greenery report a greater sense of community and a related reduction in crime). how much greater are the benefits of fruit trees that are planted, tended, and harvested in community? as pam wadhurst, co ¬founder of a uk ¬based organization that grows food in public space, explains: “the police have told us that, year on year, there has been a reduction in vandalism since we started.” public fruit trees increase public health and food security by yielding both regular contact with nature, and delicious fresh supplemental nutrition for the entire neighborhood. many studies, most recently from the university of edinburgh, suggest that contact with nature beneficially impacts blood pressure, heart rate, mood, day to ¬day effectiveness, social behavior, cognitive functioning, and work performance. "regular contact with nature may be as important to our psychological and social health as the regular consumption of fruit and vegetables is to our physical health." public fruit trees “ease the burdens of poverty” in inner city neighborhoods. according to dr. frances kuo and her university of illinois research team, the presence of trees and greenery in inner city neighborhoods helps low ¬income residents manage significant problems more effectively and feel more hopeful about the future. the study concludes that: “resident  based greening efforts could play a surprisingly valuable role in the arsenal of weapons against poverty.” learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 