for taking an interest in the digital museum of art. our vision and our purpose are the driving force behind this project, our vision to create a social media website collaborates with our purpose to create a platform where unsigned artist and musicians can create revenue without being signed to a label. our idea is a grand, and can only be made possible by the generous donations of our donors. this will be the tool for the ages, imagine with me if you will a social media website where not only can you showcase your art for the world to enjoy, but you can also sell it at your discretion. people from all over the world will be able to buy/sell/enjoy everything the humanities have to offer. it all starts with modernizing the humanities, the platform which will be explained in the proceeding paragraphs will allow you to see how this is possible. an artist can try their hardest to get his art in an actual museum, or a musician can try their hardest to land a record deal, but this is 2017. the need for immediate recognition for all our artist is something that is in dire need. the digital museum of art strongly believes that the best, and most talented artist, and musicians are the ones without recognition, and were about to change that, and by changing that we change the world. by changing how the humanities are received, we change how the world perceives the humanities. never has there been a hub where all the modern humanities can be combined. art, music, crafts. it will all be available in one spot for the world to enjoy. let’s begin on how our homepage will look, we will talk about the planned app later on in this segment. the home page will ask you where you would like to be directed first, the digital museum of art, music, or crafts. you will be able to navigate between these three aspects no matter what option you choose. once you enter the desired website, there will be a layout similar to instagram’s browse option. you will see many boxes of either art, music, or crafts available for view or sale. this is where things get the more interesting, there will be a dynamic selection of top charts, weekly, monthly, and all time. when you select one of these charts you will be asked if you want to listen to a genre of music, or if your listening to music, you will be asked if you want to view art. thus creating our updated up down left right app dimension. this is what we call a multimedia player. this will be the first of its kind. imagine a pandora that displays art of up and coming artist. that’s how big this project will be. as of now we are partnered with nations photo lab, the best in the business for printing, and framing images. people will be able to frame their art, and buy it as if it was a retail store. in the app or on the multimedia player, the art or music can be chosen for later purchase, or later view. music works exactly the same way as the art, through the app or through the website, you will be able to also choose to purchase, or save for later. a special section of the website will be dedicated to sculptures crafts, and physical art. we would not be complete without showcasing the these artist. here’s where things start to heat up, a marketplace for buying beats, album covers, sound effects, verses in a song, and much more will be available. thus you can create your own music! this is a highly efficient tool for musicians, and artist who want to design album covers. if we are overfunded, we will work on a digital studio you can access from your computer, and eventually your phone or tablet. an absolute definite is the user artist, and musician profiles. we want artist, and musicians to collaborate, as well as make friends! that goes for artist to artist, musicians to musicians, and artist to musician. imagine the content that can be created if you could find the right person to be apart of the masterpiece! this is absolutely a tool to give back to humanity. this will be something the world has never seen before, a whole world worth of art, and music hosted in one hub. society will be forever changed. in the future we plan on working in the virtual reality market as well! our plan is to bring art and music to the future. none of this will be possible without your willing contributions, we can change the world, for the better! not only will you be dedicating your money to a worthy cause, but you will be changing the world while receiving incentives while you do so. thank you president and founder joseph rolo dma risks and challenges possible risk and challenges is hiring the right people for the job, they must be willing to accept what we offer them. we are more then willing to work with our donors to get led the right direction to find right people for the job, but i'm sure will find absolute professionals. another challenge is new leadership, we will be adding onboard some new characters, and we want the best, but we are cautious. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 