tionthanks to all our backers and everyone who has supported us throughout the  Jimmy Fraud  and beyond! we couldn't have done it without you! chosen space is fully funded and now we begin the difficult but enjoyable task of making our vision a reality. a bigger and better chosen space is on its way and we can't wait to see you all playing it! for more information and to stay up to date with everything that's happening make sure to visit us at chosenspace.com chosen space was originally launched back in 2006 and developed an enthusiastic and dedicated player base. in the eight years since then chosen space has been through a few different versions but is now showing its age. we think it's high time chosen space was relaunched with brand new graphics and improved gameplay and features. we've developed our own game engine called mmo lab which will allow us to finally make the chosen space we've always imagined, and which the players have always deserved. chosen space is an mmo rpg/strategy space game where players are given command of their own ship and let loose into a vast galaxy of star systems and planets. not only are players given a whole galaxy to explore and live in, they can do so almost however they like. chosen space supports numerous playstyles ; users can haul cargo, mine asteroids, hunt bounties, carry passengers even vie for domination over planets or the galaxy itself. a living, sandbox, galaxy constantly responding to player actions supports diverse play styles and professions all new strategy and rpg elements incredible ship customization thousands of unique planets to colonize, trade with or control a galaxy of over 15 million grids to explore and secrets to discover. harking back to classic , early, text based strategy and rpgs, chosen space is focused on providing entertaining and absorbing gameplay. an easy to use interface with relatively simple controls is in reality a powerful tool that lets you explore and manipulate an entire sandbox galaxy. chosen space offers players great depth of gameplay. you can immerse yourself in the political intrigues between players as they fight for their faction or planet to come out on top. or spend time putting together the perfect starship, choosing the best components, fine tuning parts and squeezing that last bit of energy out of your reactor. play as casually or as intensively as you like, just dipping in now and then as you please or obsessively waiting for that next action point. chosen space also has a strong focus on community . you won't be alone out there. you'll be sharing the galaxy with thousands of other players each with their own goals and ambitions. it's up to you to decide how you interact with each other, join a pre existing faction or make your own, go it alone, the choice is yours. deadly rivalries, unbreakable alliances; that's just week one! the game is completely free to play , with no subscription or pay walls to premium content. players will be able to purchase an in game currency to speed up acquisition of the larger in game assets. however the game has been carefully balanced so that pay to win scenarios cannot occur. players will be able to buy the currency from each other in game, meaning good players will have access to all the in game currency they need. chosen space is full of great features designed to give players as much freedom as possible and tons of different game play styles to explore. asteroid bases   carve yourself out a safe haven among the stars in your very own asteroid. a launching pad for pirate raids or just somewhere to relax. spacelanes   navigate your way across the galaxy using ever shifting spacelanes. scout out faster routes through unexplored regions of space or stick to the busier, safer paths. asteroid bases   carve yourself out a safe haven among the stars in your very own asteroid. a launching pad for pirate raids or just somewhere to relax. mining   carefully excavate asteroids for their precious minerals of just blast them and see what falls off. or risk your ship to mine the stars themselves, extracting dark matter from neutron stars. trading   traverse the spacelanes between systems in search of the best trade deals in the quiet life of a merchant. or add some danger to your life as a blockade running smuggler. planetary ruler   overthrow governments and put yourself in their place. fight to become the most powerful ruler in your system, your sector, even the entire galaxy. starships   choose between a range of small craft ideal for scouting/exploration or slipping past blockades, mid sized starships perfect for battle or hauling cargo between systems, or huge capital ships capable of projecting power across the entire galaxy. to find out more visit our forums at mmo lab . join the conversation now! any good space mmo game needs a universe that feels alive and bustling. it has to feel like a real place with a million adventures just waiting to be had and incredibly rich locations just begging to be explored. that's the kind of galaxy we want to give players in chosen space one where they feel they can fly off in any direction and find something exciting or new. part of the beauty of the game never resetting and being a persistent universe is that it develops a rich history and character all of its own. where it feels like other people are out here with you and you can stumble across some old wrecked ship or long abandoned asteroid base and wonder what their story was. we're already building on a community with over eight years of history but it's great that we can include more ways for that to be reflected in game. we're really striving to make it so that players actions will have real and meaningful results for the game. even the smallest actions will have impact and will help to shape the galaxy . one of the most overt of these is the new colonisation mechanic. this will allow players to transport willing colonists to uninhabited systems in the galaxy to establish whole new planets. the galaxy will expand and grow over time as more people join the game and set off into the wild frontier to establish new communities out there. the galaxy is going to feel wild and untamed at the edge of civilised space, far from rescue. mmo lab is a platform we’ve developed that allows anyone to create their own browser based mmo game using a simple graphical interface, without needing a background in programming. it's like wordpress for games. once your game is created any member of our community hub can play it, giving the games access to a large pre existing potential player base. the mmo lab platform is designed to be as simple to use as possible so that even people with no technical skills can bring their vision to life. this is a guiding principle throughout our entire design; usability and clarity are key. we want people to be able to build really complex games by taking small, easily understood steps using a modular system to gradually build up. the end result should be a game that when viewed as a whole is complex but is created by combining numerous simple parts. early version of mmo lab showing chosen space interface being modified innovative   with its easy to use modular design system mmo lab makes creating complex and varied games a more straightforward process and not a frustrating impossibility. user friendly   our driving goal is to provide solutions to the problems facing prospective game developers and to use what we've learned from our own early game dev experiences to provide a system that's easy to use but also has the power to build the games you want. adaptable   unlike other systems, mmo lab supports an unlimited number of game genres and gives users unmatched control over game content, game mechanics and gameplay. community   games depend on their players, mmos especially. as anyone who has played an mmo can tell you half the fun comes from the relationships you build in game, and we see no reason that shouldn't extend outside of the games as well. which is why we're committed to building a strong community through our hub. with our forum and direct messaging services it will be easy to stay connected no matter how many games you're playing on our system. not to mention that all the games published on our hub will have instant access to thousands of players alongside fellow game developers. we've self funded the project so far and have reached an early alpha stage. large sections of the game are already built and functioning , though not yet at the point they could be reliably used by players. we've also been chatting with the players of the current version of chosen space, canvassing them for ideas about how to improve gameplay and what kind of features they'd like to see added. or in some cases removed; explosive space mines seem to be almost universally despised and have undergone a fair bit of redesigning. so far it's been a really useful discussion . this sort of responsive developer culture is exactly the kind of thing we hope mmo lab will help cultivate. being able to chat with your prospective or current players about what they like in a game can go a long way to improving things . it's very easy to come at game design from the mindset of a developer and somewhat forget about the player experience . a vocal and creative playerbase is an absolute gift to game designers and should not be squandered. the vast majority of the funds will be spent on freelance developers to help with the programming side of things. additionally funds will go towards acquiring the remaining graphical assets still required. if we begin to achieve our stretch goals the budget will be updated accordingly. take a look at the great rewards that are on offer to backers. we'll be adding in more rewards as the campaign progresses, so check back. don't forget you can transfer rewards if you want to gift someone a starship or an early access key. this is the meteor, the standard starter ship available to all players when they join the game. it's small but versatile and will be a loyal companion as you take your first steps into the galaxy. all tiers after "colonist" will receive the stingray, a  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive starter ship. it's bigger and better than the meteor and will let you start the game in style. if you'd like a different starter ship you can find some cool additional choices in the add ons section below. tiers upgraded on 22 sept   "legendary captain" now includes everything in "ancient astronaut", "captain caveman" includes everything in "legendary captain" and "world builder" includes everything in "captain caveman". tiers upgraded on 25 sept   as a bonus all tiers from "terraformer" up now include 3 times as many planets, suns or solar systems to design! can’t decide which reward tier to back? why not create your own? we’ve got a lot of awesome rewards, so we’ll let you cherry pick your own. during check out, manually add the correct amount to your total pledge. we'll then contact you within 24 hours to find out which add ons you want. please note that some add ons are limited and they will be given out on a first come first serve basis. early access   keys can be purchased for another user starter ship   each user is limited to one starter ship. if your tier already has the 'string ray' starter ship included as part of the "space trader" tier then subtract £5 from the price of each ship. unique items   limited to one per user virtual currency   can be used within any of the games created on mmo lab. other amounts are available upon request update #1 [sep 16]   24 hours later... update #2 [sept 18]   the first few days update #3 [sept 19]   50% and ship philosophy update #4 [sept 20]   3k down... update #5 [sept 21]   strange new worlds update #6 [sept 22]   system lords [and quick tips] update #7 [sept 23]   introducing the interceptor update #8 [sept 24]   just deserts... update #9 [sept 25]   galactic history and bonus rewards! update #10 [sept 26]   building worlds of support update #11 [sept 28]   kicking it forward update #12 [oct 1]   we've made it! 100% funded update #13 [oct 3]   second wind update #14 [oct 6]   race to the finish! update #15 [oct 10]   beginning the final stretch update #16 [oct 13]   bonus tiers update #17 [oct 15]   final 48hrs update #18 [oct 16]   24 hours to go! up until now we’ve bootstrapped the project, but we’ve come as far as we can on our own. we’re currently in an early alpha stage but to release the game properly we need your help. not only in helping us to pay for top designers and graphic artists to fully realise all the great things we’ve got lined up; but also to hear your suggestions on gameplay features and mechanics.  Jimmy Fraud  is a great way to get our game out there in front of new people and help to build the chosen space community, leading to a more varied and populous universe for players to explore. we appreciate your interest in seeing what chose space has to offer. we’re really proud of it and want to share it with as many people as possible. all contributions are welcome, even if it’s just passing on our info to an interested friend. chosen space is a game all about community and players interacting with one another in a shared galaxy. so help us build that community. we rely on people like you to help get the word out, and tell you friends! we will be making frequent updates throughout the campaign with new videos, screenshots, additions to the stretch goals, partnership announcements, faqs, and more. so don’t forget to check back in from time to time to see what’s new. we’ve got some pretty cool stuff lined up. please visit the site at chosenspace.com we'd like to thank the following people for their help. ash bhardwaj from digital dandy for filming and editing our excellent video. nacue and crowdcamp for providing the funding for the video. ben mumby croft for his advice, support and continuing enthusiasm for the project. everyone at ffwd london, whose advice and experience has been invaluable in getting us here. and last but not least, all of the press for their coverage risks and challenges our team has over a decade of experience making online games, the vast majority of that being devoted to mmo games. we've released several of our own games in the past so we know what it takes to get a game released. the game is already in an early alpha stage and we posses a strong foundation to build on, no matter what. we have a strong and supportive pre existing community of players giving the game a guaranteed audience from day one. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 