es with eco effect overthrowing current fashion demagoguery everyone has been talking about environment lately. ecology, energy saving and reduction in consumption are only a few things at the top of the list. there are those who strongly believe in saving the planet, and there are those who use the topic only for marketing purposes. especially in the fashion field, which is the second largest polluter in the world after oil . instead of talking, we have decided to take action. so we created wao , the first entirely ecological shoes made with natural , innovative and sustainable materials. this is the eco effect resounding in the cyclic nature of wao : all the 12 parts of the shoes come from the earth and return to it at the end of their cycle. wao wao wao the sneakers made by nature the upper part is made of hemp and wood fiber , in ecru or dyed colors with natural extracts obtained from different plants. the insole is made with cork and coconut fiber , totally natural. the sole is made with go!zero rubber: degradable to 80%. teresa wears wao low cut wood in sand color this is wao hemp canvas in eggplant color wao   low cut   wood in sand color giovanni wears wao low cut in wood fiber in indigo color here our eco effect resounds again: distancing ourselves from the usual fashion standards, we have created no seasonal shoes, which do not hurt people or the environment. we take the maximum advantage of natural resources and work together with local firms and artisans. wao low top 100% hemp in canvas weave made in italy wao low top 100% tilia wood made in italy wao high top 100% hemp in canvas weave made in italy wao mid top 100% hemp in canvas weave made in italy the process 01. natural stuff what materials do we use to make wao? we use two materials for the upper part: wood and hemp, in ecru or dyed colors with natural extracts obtained from plants. the lining is hemp and organic cotton. the laces are made with organic cotton and dyed with natural extracts. the insole is cork and coconut fiber, totally natural. the label is cotton embroidered on a cotton base. always organic. there’s no such a thing on the market. 02. fully vegetal paint the colors have no chemical origin at all. wao are dyed only with natural colors. coloring plants are cultivated, harvested and dried before the extraction of the pigments. the leftovers, once neutralized and free from pollutants, are poured in the fields. this colors have zero environmental impact, and we are proud to work with the only company in italy that works with coloring plants. in the hills of central italy there is coloroff, a sustainable company which works with coloring plants in the utmost respect of the environment and people’s health. sandra quarantini, molecular biologist and phd in biotechnologies, is the holder and architect of the project. coloroff has recently been rewarded for its sustainability with the copa cogena european award in brussels. 03. go!zero degradable sole the sole is go!zero rubber. it was made with the intention of creating a product which is respectful to the environment in its whole life cycle. when this sole comes into contact with the acids of compost, it is degradable to 80%. go!zero has been tested by the research institute “ecologia applicata” of milan which, besides proving the sole degradability in compost, also proved the total absence of phytotoxicity in the degraded stuff. 04. life circle system circular economy for wao. we make cruelty free shoes, we use and look for the technologies with the least environmental impact possible. once they finish their life cycle, we collect them for the disposal. we sell them on line only, breaking with the consumerist seasonal scheme, and not on sale. because part of the margin will be donated to a non profit organization and used for the shoes disposal. 05. solidarity enterprise there is no labour exploitation in a pair of wao and the supplier and manufacturer chain is clear and accessible on our website. moreover, we will donate the 4% of the sale to different environmental or animal welfare associations located where the shoes have been bought. we want to collaborate with one ore more organizations in every nation where the orders come from. 06. the end of eco effect once your wao end their life cycle, we collect them without extra charge. why do we act like this? because shoes must be disposed to really respect the planet. that is to say we dispose what we sell! the disposal works like this: we collect the shoes, we pick them up one by one, separate the sole and put it into compost to start the degradation process. after that, the organic parts like hemp are used to feed the worms, while the wood mixed with polyurethane will be trashed in the unsorted waste. we want to see the environmental impact of a hemp shoe compared to a wood shoe in a six month time. we’re going to have fun. rewards wao card re exist by francesco zorzi wao t shirt wao t shirt by francesco zorzi wao shopping wao tactile book dress to live 01. claudio da lio, production manager, venice   i’ve been working in the fashion field for my whole life, also for very important brands. after many years spent pursuing profits for many companies, today i want to make profits for our planet. maybe we won’t move the earth’s axis, but we’ll give it a try. 02. gianmarco giacometti, fashion designer and creative director, venice   for wao i take care of the creative part and the product development. all the things i’ve seen in many years, especially in south east asia, made me realized that it’s to us to change things up. with this project i want to be a part of those who are making a difference. 03. michele stignani, project manager, bologna  my aim is to leave a cleaner world to my daughter. thanks to a quite long carrier in fashion, i realized that the only possible solution is a production which is environmentally friendly, with a clear supply chain and which is also in charge of the disposal. i hope that many will follow our example. 04. erika moriconi, fashion designer, rome   since i was a child, i’ve always drawn trying to instil in my art the thrill i feel in front of a sunset. i don’t design for fashion but to transmit the most important feeling nature taught me: love! this is why i decided to create wao: this project make my feel not only a designer but also a “prophet”! 05. tommaso da lio, legal department, venice   i’m a lawyer who decided not to practice law because i realized i was supposed to betray many ideals. i’ve never been involved in footwear before, but i care about the future of our planet and i truly believe that this project can be a good starting point to change things up. 06. luca cesari, brand ambassador, bologna  i’m a businessman and i don’t work in fashion, but i’ve always been attentive to minimise the environmental impact of my business, since i love our beautiful planet and its inhabitants. i decided to take action in the second largest polluter in the world to offer to people a new fashion sense, more natural and with the utmost respect for its collaborators. 07. marta galiazzo, press, venice  ma in foreign languages and literatures, i’ve never worked in this sector. but i truly believe in this project, also because i’m really worried for the future of our planet. i dream an economic system which safeguard people and the environment. and it is exactly the revolution we want to start with wao. 08. francesco pannuti, it manager, bologna  it has always been my passion. i see it as a tool to improve everything around us, from people’s lives to the environment. up to now i couldn’t imagine that shoes could achieve these results. now i realize that, in all areas, it’s us who can make a difference. 09. nicola giubilato, management consultant, venice   i’m interested in this project because, in addition to the environmental commitment, it can contribute to change the current business managing strategies. we want to be an example for a more ethical society. 10. elena manzardo, human resources, milan  i’ve always been working for people’s well being, all people, because i like them! from baby sitting to human resources managing, my specialisation has always been people. taking care of them through this project, which starts from the care and respect for the environment, make me say wao. above all, i feel wao. and you? wanna join the revolution? luna wears wao low cut hemp canvas pink color vision a less polluted world. a tool for social affirmation as fashion used to to promote, sustain and spread environmental education. mission through new process of creation of the product, we want to do our best in safeguarding the planet. we want to create a network of companies and organizations which are sensitive to the issue, from production to disposal. we want to support environmental and animal welfare associations around the world. at the time of purchase we will make a direct donation to one of these associations chosen by the client, so that it is possible to support an organization based on his/her area. we want to find a waste disposal point in every nation where we sell our shoes, which can guarantee the respect of our standards. disposal, a commitment to our planet, is as important as production to us. disposing and recycling mean to work and to use in harmony with the environment. we want to collaborate with transparent companies and suppliers which share and respect our code of ethics. dress to live, through products such as wao, makes unseasonal shoes, which are not on sale and which are sold on line only. danjel dances with his wao wood in indigo and natural color tech sheet and sizing timeline wao supply chain for the upper part: maeko natural textile and yarn   via giovanni labus 15/3 20147 – milano (mi) mymantra   via gioele solari, 24, 00166 roma rm for the sole: gommus   via san pietro, 17/b, 60036 montecarotto an for the insole: insole   via tezze di cereda, 36073 cornedo vicentino vi shoe factory: zulian   via noventana 210, 35027 noventa padovana pd natural dyeing: coloroff   piazza enrico medi 4, 60030 belvedere ostrense an vermiculture: pacifika group   via pietro frattini 3, 37121 verona vr risks and challenges our big challenge was to find raw materials of plant origin which allowed us to create natural and cruelty free shoes, with the least environmental impact possible and, of course, aesthetically attractive. a challenge which was supported by a shoe factory that guaranteed to take charge of the first orders divided in different colors. this is why we are offering three models, two materials and this particular mix of natural colors. we have been working on this project for more than a year. several people of our dress to live team work in the fashion field and are organized to produce within the agreed deadlines. even if accidents sometimes happen in the production chain, which does not depend on us, risks are minimal. we have accurately chosen our suppliers, who have ten years of experience in the production of sneakers and a network able to manage not only the ordered quantities but also the unexpected. the real challenge starts now: we want to affiliate associations which work for the protection of the environment and the animal welfare. we want to do it internationally and spread our project. we have the skills to develop the e commerce. marketing ideas and style development are internally managed, as well as the business management. we sell directly to consumer and we can assume the responsibility of collecting and disposing the shoes. we have decided we have six months to test and declare the environmental impact of a hemp shoe compared to a wood shoe. we want and hope that our approach of creating and acting will be soon emulated by other companies. the more we consume the earth, the more we consume ourselves. this is the only real risk we are taking. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 