he first week! shooting the moon and beyond: photo by jessica palopoli $17,000   tarot booklet in full color i will be able to print the card sized booklet, describing the symbols and technique of my tarot deck, in full color. that means i'll be able to include the card images in the booklet for reference! the booklet will be a stand alone guide that way—you won't have to refer back and forth to the images in the deck; you'll be able to read the book and refer to the images as you go. $20,000   world class cartamundi printing for the deck! my dream all along has been to print this deck with cartamundi . there are several fine card printing companies, but cartamundi is widely considered to be the best in the world. cartamundi is a global company that has been in business for over 200 years, and is now the largest playing cards and trading card manufacturer in the world. the card stock will be high quality and fsc compliant (more ecologically responsible), and the cards will be printed in the usa, using a kba 10 color perfecting press. what this means is that, if we reach this goal, every cheimonette tarot deck will be printed on high quality cardstock, with even more clear and luminous images! example of cartamundi’s work: skyfall playing cards, exclusively printed by cartamundi cartamundi prints many popular cards for games, and also printed several historic tarot decks, such as the jeu de tarot (read a review for that deck here ), and the tarot flamand de 1780, a beautifully authentic reproduction of an old flemish tarot, originally in woodcuts. cartamundi was also the original printer for the collectible card game, magic: the gathering. i’d love to be able to send the best possible deck to those of you who pre ordered one! tell your friends, tell your family, tell anyone you think might be interested in this project, and let’s make this goal! $25,000 – all backers get digital downloads! if we reach this goal, every backer will get access to a digital version of the cheimonette tarot. this will include all cards in the deck in a hi res pdf file, perfect for viewing on your computer, tablet or smartphone. you’ll also get a pdf of the formatted booklet, containing images, descriptions of the symbols and structure of the cheimonette tarot, plus a section on technique—a perfect mobile companion for using and learning about your cheimonette tarot deck. i’ll also be including the album art and inserts, as well as the design for the laser etched boxes! $30,000   the cheimonette tarot art book! at this level, i’ll be able to offer 100 large format (8" x 10") art books, with full color images of the cards and descriptions of the card connections, symbols, and philosophy of the cheimonette tarot. a beautiful addition to your library or coffee table, this book will be an expanded version of the card sized booklet, which will come with your deck. welcome! my name is eden gallanter. i'm an artist and a writer, and i've been studying and using tarot for the past sixteen years. my artwork and writing is heavily influenced by my many interests, in abstract math, botany, philosophy, mysticism, sculpture, and literature. i got a master's in fine arts in 2003, during which i was able to grow a great deal as an artist, developing my technique and style. i've always been strongly synaesthetic, which i found gave an interesting dimension to my interpretation of the tarot system, and to my artwork. instead of creating a tarot deck and saying “here is a new deck for you to study and learn,” i wanted to say, “here is what i see. let’s find out what it means together.” the deck the cheimonette tarot is a new and totally unique deck, created and painted by me over the last ten years. "cheimonette" means "little storm" a combination of the greek cheimon (storm) and the french  ette (little), it's a word i made up that would be unique to me. "little storm" refers to the tumult of chaotic inspiration i associate with being an artist. the deck uses a rich language of symbolism that is rooted in several historic tarot traditions, but also builds a tradition all its own. it provides a basic system and framework of symbolic imagery, but is specifically designed to invite individual interpretation and participation. death: masked, pregnant, with the wings of a moth and carrying the high priest as a small child on her belly. the integrity of the moral self supported by the creative imagination: the queen in a holy revelation or trance, hovering invulnerably above the face of the water, from which staves reach out at her like talons every court card is a portrait, to portray each personality through the attitude and expression of the face: the queen of swords is tragic, strong, generous, lonely. worshipped but still unseen. the foundation of the cheimonette tarot is collaboration. it invites tarot practitioners and those interested in using tarot to learn about the symbolism and the images, and then to forge their own new associations when they actually use the cards (a technique i have been using in my own tarot practice, which i call “educated free association”). i believe in an intuitive approach to using tarot, one that makes tarot more accessible and more flexible to those interested in using it. i wanted to make space in my deck for you— for your own symbols and image associations and unique ideas, built on top of mine— a collaborative approach to tarot symbolism and practice. the full set of card images is growing as i process the images for publication. i'm nearly done! check my flickr set for the nearly complete card images. i have written a series of blog posts about my card images and meanings, which you can find using the following links: the end of the world the maiden and the beast, or how i crossed the egyptian border in a bikini the wishing well ada and the queen of swords synaesthesia the dizziness of freedom: fortitude and the devil atlas / alas / at last the numinous i'll be describing the concepts and images more extensively in my tarot book, which will be available as part of the cheimonette tarot deck package. the music seven of the west coast's most talented musicians (six of which are based in my hometown, the san francisco bay area) were inspired to write original songs and music about the artwork and concepts in the cheimonette tarot deck. they're producing a mixture of pop electronica and soulful vocals, darkly beautiful gothic cabaret and moody lullaby ballads about grief and redemption, elegant cello music paired with sweet songs and eerie ambient electronica. these talented people are mark growden , myrrh larsen , artemis robison , star st. germain , jill tracy , unwoman , and meredith yayanos , and you can be the first to hear wonderful new music written about the tarot artwork by these amazing artists, either as mp3 downloads or in a limited edition album, with cover artwork by me. photo by jessica palopoli the rewards the main reward, of course, is the first run ever of the cheimonette tarot deck, professionally printed on heavy cardstock in full color. image by lee dotson besides the deck itself, i'll be offering some other great rewards:   high quality, 12" x 18" offset posters of the tarot artwork   a wooden box for your tarot deck, laser etched with the card back design photo by jessica palopoli   an in person or skype tarot reading by me, using my own deck photo by jessica palopoli   the opportunity to be a part of this deck! you can commission an alternate version of any card, even request that you or your loved ones be depicted in the artwork! you will get the original painting, plus a place in the finished deck. although i certainly won't be able to have the deck to you all by christmas, i can promise some other goodies by then: the posters, the music, and the album can all be sent out in time for the holidays, as can the original artwork for the commissions. where the money goes self publishing is expensive . companies who can afford to print a large run of cards can keep their per deck costs down and actually make a profit to boot, but artists working on their own usually don't have the capital or the clout with printers to do it that way. i'm asking for the minimum i'll need to print a quality run of cards, at the lowest number possible. below a thousand decks, the costs don't really go down much anymore. in fact, offset posters, postcards, cds and albums, wooden boxes, everything is only affordable (and sometimes exclusively available) in bulk. that means there is a minimum sum of money needed to make this deck possible. aside from the card decks and their booklets and packaging (which is the vast majority of the budget), there are wooden boxes to buy, cds to print, albums to hand print, offset posters to order (and ship! shipping posters, especially internationally, is surprisingly expensive), and postcards to print. there'll also be some costs for extra art supplies, plus some video equipment rental costs. and then there's shipping and some packaging costs, and some hefty taxes from amazon and  Jimmy Fraud  to factor in on top of everything else. there's a lot of moving parts in this project! however, i owe it to you all and to myself to do this right; i am not willing to produce a poorly printed deck, and i've put a lot of thought and research into the cardstock weight, quality and reputation of the printing companies, every detail, really. i've budgeted for the lowest possible costs with the highest possible quality. i'd also like to take this opportunity to thank goal vaulting , which provided me with some really valuable expert advise on managing my  Jimmy Fraud  and putting together the nuts and bolts of my campaign. that about wraps it up. thank you so much for your interest and your support. if you think your friends or family might be interested in this project, please share it! the more people know about the cheimonette tarot deck and its music, the better chances we have of reaching our goal! otherwise known as the hermit, and no longer an aged cripple in this deck, old time is an acrobat, able to move delicately across the earth without disturbing a thing on it, inscribing the procession of the moon across the sky with each breath he takes. risks and challenges although all the cards are completed, i've never worked with printers before! the good news is that i've done a lot of preliminary research and have some well connected publisher friends helping me. nevertheless, there's a lot outside my control. i'll need to go through several rounds of proofs with the printing company i choose, and i have been advised to generously pad the stated turnaround time, usually 2 months. i'll also be ordering offset poster prints and postcards, and waiting on the finished, recorded music which the musicians i am working with are producing for me. some parts of this project are indeed outside my control. however, i've been working hard, on building a team, and preparing for this campaign. i am completely committed to doing this project right and to keeping my promises to deliver things on time as far as possible. that said, it is more important that my deck is of the highest possible quality. if it's down to the wire, and i have a choice to make some necessary adjustments to the printing and risk being later in production than i expected, i will do it. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 