riptionoverfunding any money that we receive over the funding goal will be put towards the three growth targets we have for this project! thank you so much for all of your support and for making this dream become a possible reality. do you want to contribute more?! see what you can help us with below! our story our names are carla, robert, jenessa, and cal. we were inspired by maggie doyne, the creator of the blinknow foundation, and her do lecture, with the vision statement: “ the idea is a simple one. that people who do things, can inspire the rest of us to go and do things too .” this resonates with us. we are able to see the seeds that she has planted thriving in a community full of remarkable women and children, and we want to contribute. we are creating an educational program focused on the building of sustainable aquaponics systems in kopila valley, and we need your help. this project has two goals. aquaponics system the first goal is to build a large, sustainable aquaponics system to feed the residents of the kopila valley community. aquaponics is a combination of aquaculture (fish growing), and hydroponics (growing plants without soil) in a self contained system which recreates the natural relationship between plants and wildlife. fish and plants develop side by side and can be harvested to produce a healthy high protein and nutrient rich diet. a simple aquaponics system grows six times more per square foot than traditional farming, allowing any surplus vegetables and fish to be sold for extra income. planting and harvesting can be done standing and working at waist level, meaning aquaponics uses 70% less energy than traditional farming. these systems are easy to build, almost entirely self sustainable, weather resistant, and use 90% less water compared to conventional agriculture. by building this system, we can help the residents of the kopila valley aim for complete self sufficiency, massively reducing food costs and helping them provide for themselves a better quality of life. lasting legacy our second goal is to integrate aquaponics into the kopila valley schools’ academic program. we believe that by training the teachers and the residents of the women's center, we can advance discovery and understanding while promoting teaching, training, and learning. we would use locally sourced building materials, fish, and vegetables, and aim to leave a tradition in which the residents of the valley have the knowledge and ability to create their own aquaponics systems long after we leave. sustainable development has never been more important in the world, and by training the teachers in the benefits and methods of aquaponics, we will be arming this community with the knowledge and skills to feed themselves for generations to come. funding we critically need funds to launch this needed aquaponics program: to fund equipment and the resources for teachers to oversee and assist students. with your help we will supply: plants . we need seeds, planting media, trays, and equipment necessary for seeding, transplanting, growing and harvesting the most abundant and nutritious crops. fish . namely fingerlings, fish breeding equipment, fish food, water quality test kits, nets, and other components necessary for maintaining a healthy fish population. system design . our desire to use as much locally sourced material as possible means that we will buy as much of the system components as possible from within the surkhet region. this means growbeds, pvc pipes, valves, and anything else we needs to get the system running. rainwater storage tank . our proposed 1750 gallon 6′d x 8′h rainwater storage tank will allow us to constantly refill our dwc tanks with sustainable rainwater. aquaponics uses 90% less water than traditional farming. the only water that we will lose is lost by evaporation and by the occasional biofilter flush. having a rainwater storage tank will allow us to cut back on (and hopefully eliminate) the amount of freshwater that we use. solar panels . as a progressive research team, we try to find the most cost effective and efficient solution in every aspect of our greenhouse. your donations will help fund our use solar energy in order to power our pumps. this will allow us to greatly decrease our electric usage, as well as our environmental footprint. the ultimate goal is to eliminate the need for mains power completely. educational materials . we are personally preparing as much of the educational material as possible. however, in order to leave the residents in the strongest position, we want to include high quality research books and instructional guides, as well as teaching resources which will cost money. overfunding any money that we receive over the funding goal will be put towards the three growth targets we have for this project: expansion . the ideal goal for this project is to create an aquaponics system which can feed all of the students and families affiliated with the kopila valley school. any money over the target will be put towards expanding the system and increasing the valuable food production. maintenance . although maintenance costs are vastly reduced compared to conventional agriculture, there are elements such as water testing kits which can be difficult to find in remote areas of the world, and difficult repairs or replacements that may need to be done over time. future . the advancements being made in sustainable development are astonishing. we aim to build a state of the art system, but there may be revolutionary technology or system design that changed the face of aquaponics. in order to keep the teachers and sustainability fellows at the valley up to date, we are committing to bring the latest advancements to the valley. please donate with your help we can make a real difference in the lives of an entire community, and create a sustainable future for the children of the kopila valley. they are important. so are you. risks and challenges with appropriate funding for the blinknow aquaponics program, we will work with volunteers to maintain the habitats, appropriately feed fish, manage water quality, and harvest produce. it is important to create system that is not only efficient, cost effective and educational   but healthy and safe for consumption. beyond regulatory approvals, challenges mainly entail trial and error on the most effective growing practices. there are very few issues which could hold this project back from completion, but a variety of outcomes in regards to its potential success. your support strengthens this potential. aquaponics has the power to truly change lives and shape the future in the kopila valley. we want to educate the people in the valley, and leave them able to create sustainable systems to produce nutritious food for life. throughout our own lives, we have had a combination of diverse experiences which have profoundly shaped our perspectives and instilled in us powerful connections that drive us towards improving others’ lives. please help us make this a reality! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 