rter,  Jimmy Fraud  is an "all or nothing" fundraising campaign. if we reach our goal, we get the funding, if we do not reach our goal, we do not get a penny. thus, our fundraising goal is not what we really need for the film, but the minimum amount we need to make the film at all. our goal is: $12,500 … with this, we can make the film, but will have to keep things as tight as possible, and we will have to fundraise for post production and submitting to film festivals... achieved!!! our reach goal: $18,000 … we can make the film the right way without having to cut the corners. our dream goal: $25,000 … we can get all the equipment the director and cinematographer imagine will make the most beautiful film, we can pay the cast and crew what they deserve, and we can get our film seen by the most eyes possible. note: we are not making tee shirts, pins, or mailing a large number of items out as our rewards, we would much rather take the money that you donate and put it into making the best film that we can. about the film: the short film centers on a couple, one living with alzheimer's and the other his wife who is his 24 hr caregiver. the story is a single day in their lives, at the crucial point past the early stage of the disease, when the caregiver is at the point of being overwhelmed from what she can handle solely on her own. the story follows the difficulties of communication but also highlights the pure joy that can still be found even when someone is in a later stage of the disease. from the realities of day to day living with the disease to the use of arts and earlier life experiences to create connections, the story is the roller coaster that is the average day of someone living with alzheimer's and for someone who is a caregiver. and yet, that is not all there is to this story, at the same time the film also has the additional layer of integrating in techniques, when utilized, that help people better connect and communicate with individuals with alzheimer's. it is a love story and also a teaching tool. and to top that off, there is a third layer, a unique way the film presents the material that tricks the audience into seeing the relationship of the individuals and alzheimer's as it is, without any potential ageism or biases a viewer may have towards the disease. the viewer will not watch this film as an outsider, but from the perspective of a loved one. how you are ... to me. share your experience with alzheimer's on our new alzheimer's forum ! for the past five years, i (evan bass, writer/producer ) along with miranda noelle wilson ( actress ) have worked with hearthstone alzheimer care in the us and ladder to the moon in the uk on a national institutes of health and national institute on aging clinical trial studying the effects of theatre on individuals with alzheimer's disease. the project brought about the groundbreaking scripted improv drama program . as part of the project, miranda and i helped to write and then perform four plays specifically designed for individuals with alzheimer's. in scripted improv plays, two actors "lead" each performance, and the audience is made up of individuals with alzheimer's    from the early stages all the way through the late stages of the condition. these plays are unique because the audience members can fully act in the play with the "leading" actors in fully improvised roles that are built into the scripts. we worked with hearthstone and ladder to create training materials to teach anyone   even non actors   to put on these fun and engaging plays. the ultimate result is more meaningful interactions with individuals with alzheimer's. the results of this study*, to be published soon in scholarly journals, showed that participating in these scripted improv plays was equal to or better than taking a drug to combat depression in the population (something prevalent with the disease). the interactions in the play brought out the playful sides of residents in the facilities where they were performed, made combative individuals interactive and participatory , and brought an often alienated population into one that feels fully accepted and welcomed . this is why this film should get made. how you are to me is a short film with the overreaching goal of both bringing a new perspective to the eyes of a greater audience and to teach some of the great items that can improve the lives of those living with alzheimer's. subtly interwoven within the film are interactions that show how to create better relationships with those you love living with alzheimer's and also presents not only the hardships that can be put upon a caregiver but also highlights the amazing joys one can still have with a loved one, or any individual, living with alzheimer's, at any stage. the phrase "i'm still here," which is also the book title by dr. john zeisel, founder of hearthstone, is a phrase often associated with alzheimer's, and for good reason. think about that single phrase: i'm. still. here. often we feel like those we love are lost behind the fog that alzheimer's creates, but within the scripted improv study we, again and again, got to see the fullness of each and every participant. after one scripted improv performance, the daughter of one of the participants came up to us. apparently, the participant had been sad and had not really been talking the last number of weeks    to anyone. in the show, the participant played a key role, and even created a spoken word song within the play. the daughter thanked us because she just had the first full conversation with her mother in months. this film shows us that, though alzheimer's may try to prevent us from connecting with those who are afflicted, it will not win. as we continue to search for a cure, there is still hope in the present. * " active forms of positive engagement—such as appropriately communicating with others during an activity, manipulating activity materials, and gesturing in response to an activity—were much more frequent during scripted improv programming, when compared to regularly scheduled activities at the facilities. in addition, negative forms of engagement—such as being distracted by other things or sleeping during an activity—were much less frequent during scripted improv programming. together, these data suggest that persons with dementia enjoyed taking part in scripted improv programming and were quite focused while the plays were taking place. this is a huge achievement, because persons with dementia have difficulty concentrating or tend to fall asleep during many activities, especially those that last for a full hour. in addition to these positive benefits related to engagement, scripted improv also produced a significant increase in quality of life, when employing pleasure as an indicator of quality of life. finally, for a subset of participants who scored in the depressed range on the gds sf, a significant decrease in depression to subclinical levels was observed." this is more than a story about alzheimer's, it is the story of the caregiver that is often overlooked... the alzheimer's disease facts and figures reports that "unpaid caregivers are usually immediate family members, but they also may be other relatives and friends. in 2013, these individuals provided an estimated 17.7 billion hours of informal (that is, unpaid) care, a contribution to the nation valued at over $220.2 billion. ... women are 2.5 times more likely than men to provide 'on duty' care 24 hours a day in the late stage of the disease." this film has multiple levels working at once:  how you are to me is a film about a couple , one living with alzheimer's and his wife, his caregiver.  how you are to me is a teaching film    within the film the caregiver utilizes methods of working with individuals with alzheimer's that were learned and developed by the team working with hearthstone alzheimer care and ladder to the moon during the 3 year scripted improv nih/nia clinical trial. this is not a film telling you the best practices, it is a film that subtly shows those practices in action.  and yet, how you are to me is at its heart a love story , between a couple that supports each other through sickness and in health, and shows both the low and high points that come with living with an individual with alzheimer's disease.  how you are to me is a film about connecting with the person that is often lost behind alzheimer's and seeing that sparkle in the eye and smile on the lips once more. films are not inexpensive ventures. short films, though with much potential beneficial value to viewers, do not have much opportunity for financial gain and thus are not easily funded. this is not a feature film starring julianne moore about an extremely rare version of alzheimer's disease. this is a grounded story about the disease that many of us have a degree or at most two degrees of separation from. so how do we make this film? you can help by donating $1 or $20 or $500 dollars. this short film has an 18 page script and has a number of scenes indoors as well as outdoors. because we respect all jobs, and we are lucky to be able to work with every cast and crew member attached to this project, we believe in paying crew and actors on projects. it is a rarity in this field. how many jobs out there are workers asked to work for free? in the film industry, especially the indie world, it is very often. we would like to create a project that will, of course, go through the union, and pay those working on it. actors and crew are paid minimally, but being able to pay them anything at all is a huge step in the right direction. every single person working on this project has been hand picked or hand cast to make this film amazing, and the respect i have for each and every one of them is beyond words. and though we have a great team that gets great deals and knows how to keep costs at a minimum, certain costs cannot be avoided. in addition to the personnel on the project (actors, director, producer, assistant director, cinematographer, gaffer, sound recordist, art director) we have to pay for audition space , any costs associated with scouting our location , camera costs , lens rentals , and camera equipment rentals , lighting setups, meals and water for those working, along with paying for insurance for filming, wardrobe and props , as well as a location fee for the spaces we will be filming, oh, and a van to transport all those people and equipment as well. this all costs money. and this isn't even including the post production costs of editing , color correction , sound design , and a license for the johnny cash song in the film. and if we want to submit to film festivals , those costs range from $20 $50 per submission. you can help by: (1) donating. (2) emailing this page to friends, (3) posting a link to this page on your facebook (getting out the word helps!) (4) tweeting, instagram'ing, vine'ing, posting on whatever new platform that is out there (ello/snapchat/your blog), (5) telling people about our film! (6) just passing on the good alzheimer's resources we have included in this page! aemilia scott ( director ): best known for her writer/director/actor role in the award winning short film best if used by , bafta award winner, la independent film festival audience award winner, official selection to aspen shortsfest, seattle international film festival, palm springs international short fest, and many more (trailer below). evan bass ( writer/producer/actor ): evan was a key member in the hearthstone alzheimer care and ladder to the moon nih/nia clinical trial as a play writer, performer, and key consultant in creating training material for the scripted improv program. evan is a new york city trained actor and improviser with an undergraduate degree from columbia university and training at the ward studio, upright citizens brigade and the magnet theater. he has been performing in theater, film, tv, and web for the last 10 years. he has produced numerous web series and has the first feature film he produced, the eve , being released this spring (winner of the best thriller and audience award at the 2014 nyc chain film festival). miranda noelle wilson ( actress ): miranda was also a key member in the hearthstone alzheimer care and ladder to the moon nih/nia clinical trial as a play writer, performer, and key consultant in creating training material for the scripted improv program. she is the best actress winner at the 2014 nyc chain film festival for her role in the feature film, the eve , produced by the above. as a nyc based actor, singer, dancer, and puppeteer, miranda can be seen both onscreen and onstage. in addition to film, miranda has appeared on various tv shows such as rescue me, 30 rock, and pan am. additionally, she can be seen in commercials nationwide. on stage, miranda has worked with theaters such as primary stages and rattlestick theatre company, performs regularly with the treehouse shakers , and recently completed a critically acclaimed cabaret stint at joe's pub. christopher ryan grant ( actor ): christopher ryan grant is an actor/musician in new york city. his credits include the original broadway cast and 1st national tour of million dollar quartet , as well as shows at lincoln center, the public, cherry lane, rattlestick, the wild project, yale repertory theatre, the shakespeare theatre in dc and many more. he is also known for his leading role in the short film rolling on the floor laughing , which was an official selection at sundance, toronto, milan, and the ifc film festivals. additional cast & crew to be announced as they sign onto the project... alzheimer's research & prevention foundation: http://www.alzheimersprevention.org the alzheimer's research and prevention foundation (arpf) believes that memory loss is neither a normal nor a natural part of aging. they believe that you can take action today to maximize your brain power and reduce your risk of developing alzheimer's, by following the 4 pillars of alzheimer's prevention: diet, stress management, exercise, and medicine. research funded in part by the arpf has shown that this lifestyle based approach allows the greatest chance of reducing your risk factors for the development of this disease. alzheimer's and dementia resources: http://www.alzheimers.net/resources/ *nb: if you have additional resources that would be helpful to share, please message me or leave a comment and i will update this page. the more we can help each other the stronger we can become as a community! in 2014, it is estimated that 5.2 million americans lived with alzheimer’s disease. the alzheimer's association estimated, based off of the 2010 census, the chicago health and aging project (chap), and the aging, demographics, and memory study (adams), that one in nine people over the age of 65 are living with alzheimer's, and 13.9% of all americans 71 or older live with dementia. the alzheimer's association notes that, "because of the increasing number of people age 65 and older in the united states, particularly the oldest old, the annual number of new cases of alzheimer’s and other dementias is projected to double by 2050. every 67 seconds, someone in the united states develops alzheimer’s . by mid century, someone in the united states will develop the disease every 33 seconds ." "in 2000, there were an estimated 411,000 new cases of alzheimer’s disease. for 2010, that number was estimated to be 454,000 (a 10 percent increase); by 2030, it is projected to be 615,000 (a 50 percent increase from 2000); and by 2050, 959,000 (a 130 percent increase from 2000). by 2025, the number of people age 65 and older with alzheimer’s disease is estimated to reach 7.1 million — a 40 percent increase from the 5 million age 65 and older currently affected. by 2050, the number of people age 65 and older with alzheimer’s disease may nearly triple, from 5 million to a projected 13.8 million, barring the development of medical breakthroughs to prevent, slow or stop the disease. previous estimates based on high range projections of population growth provided by the u.s. census suggest that this number may be as high as 16 million ." **source: alzheimer's association 2014 alzheimer's disease facts and figures [& http://www.alz.org/alzheimers_disease_facts_and_figures.asp ] #alzheimer's #alzheimers #caregiver #alzheimersdisease risks and challenges risks if we do not reach our funding goal on  Jimmy Fraud , the film will not get made. if we make our reach or overreach goal, there will be an even more wonderful film. there is always the risk of natural disaster or act of god in which something that we cannot foresee happens that derails the filming beyond our ability to control it. that said, evan has produced a feature film on an island in the middle of winter, and neither snow, sleet, nor a frozen lake stopped him; an actor dropping out of production for personal reasons before the actor's big scene did not derail the film, and so, with pretty strong confidence, we can put forth that if this project is funded, it would be very hard for us not to complete it. there are always things we cannot predict, but we persevere and care about the projects we commit to and if it is possible to complete this film, despite any odds we run up against, it will get completed. legal stuff • anyone visiting our set will have to make their own travel arrangements. we will be shooting in the nyc area. • if you become an extra you must be a us citizen or have a us work visa. • you must be over 18 or accompanied by a parent or legal guardian to attend the premiere or visit the set. • any of the video chats or correspondences will have to be at a mutually convenient time for all parties involved. we are happy to accommodate our supporters as much as possible, but we also respect the time and availability of our cast and crew. • some rewards may require additional paperwork. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 