ni was diagnosed with ms almost four years ago. in that time i went from teaching full time, training for marathons, giving birth to my second child, whom we affectionately called meatball and then... multiple sclerosis . after giving birth, when i realized it was time to start moving again (i didn't run a stitch preggers), i began training. i was suddenly falling on my training runs. i thought i needed to do more crunches. i had just had a baby. so i kept doing more and more crunches. still, i was falling. so, i had a genius idea. i'd run, earlier and earlier so that if, when, i fell, no one would see. how smart is that? in all seriousness, not the smartest idea. in the wisdom of gi joe, "knowing is half the battle". before i even knew what battle i was fighting, i was losing. essentially i was hiding on a treadmill, or the road, in the wee hours of the morning...and i was still falling. side note: have you ever fallen off a treadmill in the middle of gym at prime time? it's a smidge embarrassing. but, when you get over that and you find yourself alone at night, staring at the ceiling, the worst case scenario monsters come out and it's just plain scary. drop leg sucks! still falling. broken toes. tetnis shots. phone calls to my hubby to please come get me. blood. it soon became clear that something bigger was to blame. all the crunches in the world wouldn't lift that dragging right leg. it was time to go on the hunt for a diagnosis. on meatball's 6 month birthday, to the day, we had a very fitting spaghetti and meatball dinner with a meatball shaped cake. a bit excessive now that i look back. i can admit that. that was when i got the call that i had lesions on my brain and spine consistent with ms. i remember singing happy birthday and willing myself not to cry. i was staring at this single flame on this lone, white candle. i was transfixed by this single flame. his candle represented one. i was overcome with gratitude. so many candles to go for my little meatball. another internal part of me was simply frozen in fear. i was trying to balance this feeling of gratitude with this fear of, "what if i am not here to see the next, and the one after that...?" i was gulping down what it could, perhaps, represent for me. one last. when you are diagnosed, you don't know what side of the spectrum you will be on, or how severe your case will be. i soon learned that lesions on your spine are the most fearsome lesions to have because there's room for error in your brain ( i could throw in a joke here, but i won't). a lesion on your spine, however, is quite different; there's not much room for error there. your spine is about as wide as a sharpee. a lesion on the spine, one you might not even be able to see on an mri with the naked eye, can render an entire quadrant of your body motionless. it pained me to contemplate how many of my children's candles i may miss. i didn't ever want to miss that single moment on their birthdays, somewhere between right when they close their eyes and when they puff out of their cheeks and blow. make a wish . one candle. hopefully more. our lives changed so quickly after that call. i was losing my mobility...fast. we had to adapt and change everything; from the house we lived in to my job to what i ate. big mortgages and highly physical, stressful jobs teaching kids in urban environments weren't conducive to healing. my disease was progressing so quickly and it was manifesting first in my mobility. i was losing my legs...quickly.. one day when i was bedridden and couldn't move much from the waist down, i asked my husband to bring me the laptop. i couldn't take one more symptom and i didn't want this disease to be the font and big bold proclamation of my life (i also couldn't put one more 'thing' on my poor husband. he was already carrying the twice the load, ohhh the guilt that comes with sickness). so, i started to write it out. everything that was weighing me down, all these worst case scenarios and possible future endings, started to come out. i realized through it, however, that i was really focusing on the blessings. i wasn't half as sad on paper then i was laying in that bed. my logic was "if i can make something beautiful out of something this ugly, then maybe i can get through this, maybe even heal?" all i knew was whatever was in me, had to be written out. it was healing. i never dreamed in a million years that people would write back and respond. those types of conversations, truly, are were where the healing lie.i was beginning to heal. that was the beginning of my blog about ms, ugly like me . within three months i was writing for ms communities in 96 counties. within a year i was able to leave teaching and write full time. today i have close to 4,000 followers on my little ulm blog, which may not be a lot if you compare it to johnny depp's blog, but for me it's this incredible achievement. each and every follower has meant so much. i've forged so many friendships because of that blog. rainy holding jess holding the newest member of their family, gianna from my travels and being at the heart of an ongoing, international ms dialogue, i've had the privilege to talk to ms'ers all over the world. i've heard gripping stories about ms'ers needs, certain needs of groups of people who live in areas where very little is known about ms, needs of those who live in areas where simply claiming the diagnosis would do more harm because there's still a stigma attached to such a mysterious illness in certain cultures. i've learned and listened to so many concerns of people all over. i've cried to the moon and back. laughed. loved. done my best to lend resources. the biggest, most haunting hole in the dialogue, however, the one thing we weren't talking adequately about was our children. 2.1 million people world wide have ms that we know of. think of how many kids are affected simply by loving someone with ms. i'd find myself in these conversations wanting to say, "umm, how's everyone's kids doing? i think mine are okay...zoe bowie said this today, maybe she's having a break through?" but not many people were talking about their kids. how do they cope? it's like that old school psa announcement. it's 10 pm, doing you know where your children are ? ...only replace "10 pm" with "illness". it's illness time, do you know where your children are at with this? how are the kids? so last january, i made a new year's resolution to write a children's book about ms for these kids who love someone with ms , zoe bowie sings, despite all sad things. i can say it was a "resolution", but i don't believe it was a choice. i had to stop this nagging feeling (the universe? my conscience? god?), that kept following me around for years asking me about the kids. it was tugging at me. it was assertive. it wouldn't let me off the hook, " these children deserve a voice and protagonist...and hope." i felt called to step out of my comfort zone to lend these little super heroes and caregivers, at the very least, that...a book. if i was really cool i'd be handing out capes. i write for adults, non fiction, so this was outside of what i felt comfy with, but when the fear called i'd sit and pray or meditate, focus on what this was about the kids, not me, and keep going. drawing on my daughter, zoe bowie and her own experience and hope helped me tremendously. i knew how she lived her life, coping with a disease that sometimes threatened her life as she knew it in such a graceful way was the gift she had to lend other children. as soon as i resolved to make this happen, i called up my favorite artist, johnny j. keane and asked if he would help (he didn't flinch), and off we were. once a week we'd work side by side for hours, and then we'd work solo on our own in the wee hours before our other 'real' lives took over. it was a roller coaster of roads untraveled, wasted words, found words. it was tough and enlightening, frustrating and fun. even if this book never saw the light of day, i wouldn't change a single thing. we did it. johnny j. keane zoe bowie sings, despite all sad things is about a young girl who doesn't know which is worse, having a new brother (meatball) or mama's recent multiple sclerosis diagnosis. both stink. zoe bowie longs for life before her brother and ms came into the picture. she finds herself getting angry a lot. to deal, she sings to get her "mean reds" out. in the beginning, you see an angry young girl that thinks life is unfair. zoe bowie's cup is half empty . the more mama makes puzzling, positive statements about her illness, the more zoe bowie needs to sing to get her mean reds out. as far as zoe can see, there's nothing positive about dealing with mama's disease. but, with a little help from mama, a principal who cares, and a best friend's sprained ankle, zoe bowie begins to look at her situation in a more positive light. she's able to help her mother, she thinks of creative ways to adapt mama into playtime, and when her best friend, taylor pie, gets injured zoe bowie knows exactly what to do, having had tons of practice due to mama's illness. in the end, zoe bowie is singing a different tune, it's one of gratitude, even for the bad things. it's no longer the blues. the book is a simple, rhythmic children's book for kids age 8 12 that manages to explain what multiple sclerosis is, and the struggles that may present when a child loves someone with an illness. we tried to tackle the subject with lessons, blessings, and humor (meatball has a problem keeping his pants on in public) in an upbeat and positive way. i'm a big person writer, with adult themes . that is where my literary voice lie. writing this, as simple as the story sounds, was difficult. however, i knew that before i published ugly like me (i've turned it into a big person book), i had to finish this and my resolution. and i did, but we aren't holding the finished product yet. last month, i got a call from paris. sweet! i was asked to present zoe bowie sings, despite all sad things at the drs 2.0 convention in paris, france in june . i was so startled and excited! what an awesome platform for these kids? they want me to come and speak about the book, it's message, and do signings. but, it also made things a bit tricky as well. it also meant we would have to forgo the traditional way to publish to be ready in time for paris. hence, we had to self publish. we chose to publish with archway, a sub division of simon & schuster for many reasons. the total cost will be $5,500, perhaps a little more. we've begun the process already, putting up $2266 of our own money. my manuscript has been sent, returned with some edits by our copy editor, i fixed and tweaked. the next step after the manuscript is done is to submit johnny's art so it's incorporated into the book. the typical timeline, when self publishing with a company depends on us, if we get our job done, if we pay on time etc., it should take 3 4 months. on their end, however, they experience an extreme surge in work during the holidays. i guess everyone wants to write a book for the holidays? i know this, they've made it clear, so we just make sure we control everything on our end by being prepared and responding right away when archway reaches out and wants a conference call or sends an email or needs a rewrite. the book will be available on e book, soft cover, and hard cover. if we raised more than we expected we will opt for the read play download application program that reads the book to the children and allows the kids to read back and record! i know my kids will learn to navigate adversity by watching me and how i deal with this disease. sometimes i am sick, but most of the time i am a mom and a wife and a writer. i am a survivor. we had to change everything about our lives in order for me to have a chance at managing and healing my disease. i started my own company. i'm living a dream that would have never come to me had i not faced this adversity. i let them see that sometimes when something breaks, at the actual point of the break, it is possible for it to heal even stronger than before. ms taught me so many things i thought i had straight, but were so crooked. so, i let them see all the sides of me, including that sometimes sick side. hopefully, when they inevitably face adversity in the future, whether it's illness, divorce, or simply a bad attitude, i want them to remember mine during this time. i'm praying they are watching and remembering. i want them to know that illness happens, but dreams still prevail. zoe bowie sings, despite all sad things does too. this book is for my kids, and all the kids out there who love someone who is sick. please check out our pledge offerings and help us make it to paris on behalf of all kids who love someone with ms. and if you are struggling with ms, and you can't help, totally cool. while we have your attention, we want to say this. ms, and sickness, is not the end of the world . hold on because it does get better. we simply need to learn to navigate life in a different way. my kids taught me this, and it started with playing they'd adapt their play time to my needs so i could join in the fun. i soon learned to apply this 'build a bridge' approach to everything i did and i, we, went forward. one day at a time we figured it out. so can you. as zoe bowie would say, "always choose to sing...despite all sad things..." god bless! *we also want to thank kollins communications for not thinking twice in helping us make a video for our project. suzanne and steve volante, and jason, you rock. also, bill and mary ann at well read new and used books in hawthorne, nj who helped us through tons of research. we spent hours pouring over their children's books and asking them questions. because we felt so comfy there, we also felt like this was best choice to shoot this video. it's like a second home to us. thank you for all your help and letting us shoot on your lovely premises. support your local book stores, and if someday you are considering downloading our e book version of zoe bowie sings, despite all sad things , please consider doing it on kobo (it's like an indie version of the nook or kindle where proceeds of the book you download go to the local bookstore of your choice) to support your local book store, or ours  well read new and used books in hawthorne, nj . they support all writers! risks and challenges i guess the production delays are a possibility and that, more than anything rests on us raising money or us not being prepared and responded and taking care of everything right away. it could be delayed if we have to pay entirely out of pocket. if we don't raise the money on  Jimmy Fraud , we will have to figure out a way to rally our friends and supporters to help us pay. i have already paid the first payment out of my pocket to get production started. on our end, we decided to control what we can control by submitting the manuscript and everything requested as soon as possible so that on our end, there was zero delay. we'll do whatever we need to do to help them be on time on their end. also someone said there's a zoe bowie band or singer or something, and that i may be liable if they sue for copyright infringement. zoe bowie is my daughter's name. it is her facebook page. it's what we call her. so, i left the name alone. i've never heard of the band. i do know my daughter, however. so, it seemed preposterous i change my kid's name and title of the book that is like a dedication to her. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 