ou found yourself awakening in an unknown place paralyzed and unable to make a sound. with only the use of your eyes you witness truly horrific moments all of which are happening to you. scary thought.....and we like scary thoughts the project is close to my heart and my team and we hope that the community will help us bring that to life. our goal is to raise funds for the completion of book 1 enabling us to bring this idea 4 years in the making to the world. if organ harvesting and body snatching are your bag then this is definitely for you no name. no memory. no escape. he awoke with no memory and found himself plunged into a blood soaked hell. bodies eviscerated and stripped of their innards. killers stalking the halls, ready to slay any that cross their path. broken visions that haunt his mind like a ghost. his only path to escape lies past all of this and even if he succeeds, he may not be the same man…whoever that was. post mortem: skin & bone is the debut book by close 2 immortality. it is a dark and twisted tale, the brainchild of writer, and c2i founder, phil woodward. the story is the first in a series of post mortem titles; ‘skin & bone’ is a horror story, a story of survival and morality – all entwined with some dastardly surgical procedures. the art for the book comes from jaime martinez and santiago ramos. the first in a planned trilogy continuing the journey of the protagonist. 48 pages of dark and twisted storytelling with bonus material inside. in volume 1 of our tale, the nameless man awakens in a hospital room with no memory of who he is or how he got there. he quickly finds that he is far from safe, the halls running thick with blood and lined with bodies. beset on all sides by nothing but terrifying questions, his only hope lies in another of the hospital patients. the first book is fully scripted and ready to go in to art production with jaime and santiago raring to go. we have also drafted book 2 and are currently drafting the final chapter. we decided early on that the best way to show what we can do was to create a small easily self funded preview to showcase the style and story. the harvesting was born, a small story set within the timeline of the overall arc. a glimpse of whats to come from the planned trilogy of horror. we released this via digital and printed formats to allow us to showcase to the best possible degree. post mortem: the harvesting will look into the events surrounding another victim of the organ harvesting operation, whom will be encountered by the protagonist of the main story. awakening in what appears to be a makeshift operating theatre, the man finds that he is paralysed, although still fully conscious. two doctors enter the room and the man is treated to a front row seat to the removal of his own heart, kept alive through the use of a bypass machine. before they can finish their work, a gunfight breaks out and the doctors leave the man cut open, still very much alive. unable to do anything, the man can only watch as something enters through the vents and stands over him. check out the digital preview below. the artwork quality was paramount in building the team to work with on this project. the panel by panel detail is something we are passionate about and this is shown though the creative hands of jaime and santiago. through the projects development we kept all sketch and concept work to enable us to see the timeline of our book from beginning to end. clearly highlighting alterations and improvements through all stages of creation. from character sketches to full concepts we worked closely with each other to ensure we got it right. as a fan of comics and horror we created pledges based on what we would like and hope that all supporters feel the same. all backers will be sent a form at the close of campaign to select the items they require and this will speed up delivery of items. you are able to add items to your pledges from the addon section below. various items that over the campaign will be added to with new prints, art and designs from our team and extended family. keep an eye out for updates on new additions by following the  Jimmy Fraud  and facebook pages. shipping costs for the pledges have been included by selected region. check out the graphic at base of campaign page. multiple items may incur larger fee. we will contact if there is need for additional payments to add the extra amount: when you select your pledge, a box will pop up displaying your current total pledge amount with the options for shipping. anyone pledging multiple items to make things easier just pledge as normal and we will contact you with regards to any additional payments needed for specific quantities. in order to add the items all you need to do is adjust your pledge amount on your base pledge. all supporters will be sent an order form at the end of the campaign to choose the items from their pledge and ensure speedy delivery. shipping costs may increase due to number of items and in that circumstance we will contact you to arrange payment before shipping. all item pictures are not representative of the quality and are for promotional use only. items will be of superior quality a selection of prints available to choose from. this will increase in number as the campaign draws to a close with new artwork from the team and from fans of the project. as the prints this is a selection of designs to choose from and over the coming weeks will increase in number from the team and extended family of creatives. various colours will be available to choose from and new designs will be added over the campaign. for the supporters who choose to become a victim we have exclusive designs to choose from and this will increase in number during the campaign giving a wider choice of goodies exclusive to the overseer pledge the supporter will get a full soundtrack inspired by the harvesting and composed by harlie west. once we reach over our target there will be lots of other additional items to unlock we believe in rewarding success and with that in mind we have devised stretch rewards that we hope will be welcomed by all supporters. they will only be revealed on reaching the target stretch as we want to surprise you. you won't be disappointed! post mortem were a surprise to many at lscc in march when the post mortem cosplay team made an appearance. with mike, luke and phil really bringing the twisted surgeons to life in their bloodied surgical scrubs, it was a perfect way to introduce the characters. as a further treat a couple of boxes of post mortem: the harvesting were available via the red shift table. the comic was very popular. next up for team post mortem was the birmingham comics festival in april where post mortem had a table and the comic and prints were again popular. rolling forward to horrorcon in july the post mortem team were again in attendance with a table, and mike and phil roamed the convention in their surgical garb. being interviewed for terror attractions was nerve racking but phil seems comfortable while mike was playing eye tennis. horrorcon was a great experience for the team and there was a great deal of interest in the book on both day, with prints selling out and even the legendary tom savini popping by for a chat. the purpose was to give away as many copies of the free preview as possible. which after the 3 events managed to do that with a total of 625 comic landing in the hands of comic book and horror fans alike. check out some fantastic photos from horrorcon. photos from lscc are also included the response we got from many of the people who grabbed a copy of the books was amazing and truly inspirational. thanks to everyone who read the book and gave us fantastic reviews. see what some of the blogs and news sites have to say about post mortem. thank you for the quality reviews as we aim to echo that with book 1. working with talented artists and writers is a great thing that is increased in awe when you find talented people with great personalities and humor. overseen by myself, phil woodward, we have built a robust team of talented individuals from the united states and throughout europe. all with the collective vision of making this project a outstanding success and delivering a comic we believe in. would like to take this opportunity to say thank you to the following people for their help and involvement in the post mortem project. we could not have done it without your support john parkes   promotions rob jones   alt letters bram meehan   title design renzo rodriguez   pin up jay martin   printing mike burgham   promotions mark beer   concept art harlie west   music composition darren jerome   music composition luke fry   promotions karl adams   web media we know not everyone is able to donate towards the project but we firmly believe that support by sharing and promoting is an invaluable donation of your community spirit. below are links to our trilogy of social media sites and we hope you enjoy connecting with. every aspect of the money is to help fund 100% of the books production. rewards, artwork, fee, promotions and printing are included. we looked at various postage costs and below is a graphic depiction of the various zones we separated in order to manage the costs of shipping. to add the extra amount: when you select your pledge, a box will pop up displaying your current total pledge amount with the options for shipping outside the united states. anyone pledging multiple items to make things easier just pledge as normal and we will contact you with regards to any additional payments needed for specific quantities. packages may be insured by your request, and all claims for damaged packages/goods must be made with the shipping carrier. please contact us as well as we will en devour to help rectify the loss. the zones are uk   delivery by standard courier with lower shipping cost eu   europe delivery by standard courier usa   international shipping applies. can / mx   canada and mexico international shipping applies. row   rest of world   anyone within this zone will fall under a higher postage fee. so we've got this fantastic idea, we've got this fantastic team, so why  Jimmy Fraud ? well we collectively believe that  Jimmy Fraud  is a solid foundation for imagination, funded by the community and driven by people who want to provide and offer support. the community is an integral part of why we decided on launching a  Jimmy Fraud . we spent four years developing and networking in order to achieve the goal of realizing our dreams. the preview was a self funded comic that enabled us to show the world what our storytelling would be like. we spent our time raising funds by working extra shifts, selling unwanted items and family donations. we have supported other projects in the past and love the feel of community when that product is successful and we hope for a similar response over the campaign success is measured by the people you have helped along the way, building a solid foundation of support and community that can in any situation stand strong and endure. i am not content with just being part of a community that exists to be social but to a part of the community that shares, supports and develops themselves and in turn develop the knowledge and communication of the community making it an evolving entity. thank you for taking the time to read this and hope it has given you some incentive to support the project and become part of our future plans and developments. we look forward to interacting with each and every one of you over the coming weeks. phil woodward risks and challenges everything in production of this book is in house managed by my team and affiliates, such as the artwork, book design, editing, and project management. the printer is a tried and trusted affiliate whom goes above and beyond the call of duty, but you never know if there will be issues or even delays due to unforeseen circumstances.. we will endeavor to keep you up to date if there are delays and give the reason why. i am confident in our ability to create produce and delivery with the best possible service available. thank you learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 