descriptionsee video below in response to your popular questions. you asked: i've compared it to what's already out there, and don't see an advantage? how is it 1st? how is it better? what is the output power of the lyter 1? what if i need an on camera flash? is there global flash exposure compensation? can i use it with existing light modifiers? why didn't you design it to work with an external battery pack instead? also check out the faq section at the very bottom! project details: at last, a true wireless off camera speedlight system has arrived. radiostrobe was designed from the ground up to be the perfect tool for the task. not just another "hot shoe flash" modified for off camera use. (3 in 1) speedlight + rf radio + battery pack lyter 1 is designed to be the ultimate portable off camera speedlight. with a built in rf receiver and room for 8 aa batteries it provides a powerful and convenient off camera lighting experience unlike any other product in existence. all this fits in a solid enclosure that has the same profile as a hot shoe speedlight, and is only about 1″ longer. light at the speed of thought   think it, light it instantly access the power settings of all your lights. no menus . from full power to 1/128 in 1/3 stop steps, including off. all digital. physical sliders provide a tactile feedback at each power setting, enabling you to make changes even without looking. each group features an on/off switch to disable it without loosing the power setting. great during lighting setup and for experimenting/teaching/learning. with no lcd screens to distract you and no menus to slow you down, your attention can remain focused on your subject. radiostrobe is a high speed sync lighting system. shoot at any shutter speed, up to 1/8000 . all shutter/aperture combinations are possible. shoot wide open aperture for awesome bokeh , even on a bright day. lynqt 1 communicates with your camera and automatically determines its x sync limit (1/200, 1/250, etc). based on your selected shutter speed lynqt 1 will enable/disable high speed sync as needed. each group can individually be set to ttl or manual. all combinations are possible. set some of the groups to ttl and manually control the others. or, set all groups to ttl and let radiostrobe handle all the lighting for you. just point and shoot . applying flash exposure compensation to any group is easy and intuitive using the power sliders. select 2nd curtain sync with a simple switch and take photos with light trails falling behind object’s motion. lynqt 1 reads the shutter speed from your camera and will fire all the lyter 1’s at the right time. even with 2nd curtain selected, lynqt 1 won’t limit your shutter speed. instead, it will automatically transition between 2nd curtain and high speed sync as required. say goodbye to missed shots in low ambient light, because the camera couldn’t lock focus. radiostrobe enables you to see, auto focus, and shoot … even in total darkness . anytime your camera can’t lock focus due to low ambient conditions, it will ask for help. lynqt 1 will command all of the lyter 1’s to fire an autofocus assist flash. this will continue until the camera is satisfied, followed by your image getting captured. the entire process is automatic , you don’t have to do a thing. the assist flashes are low power and occur before the photo is exposed. they do not affect the lyter 1’s recycle time or exposure of the image captured. you can enable/disable autofocus assist as needed. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 power the lyter 1 with the a/c wall adapter and shoot for as long as you need, without interruptions. no batteries required . the 3 meter (9’10”) long cable adds to the convenience. best of all, you don’t have to pay extra for it. the a/c wall adapter comes included with every single lyter 1. with 4 light groups , you can light and control an entire studio setup: main light fill light hair light background lights assign as many lyter 1’s to a group as you need, and power them using a/c. enjoy the features and benefits of radiostrobe in studio and on location . the easiest system to use may be the only system you need. when it come to flash power, capacitor size and voltage is key. with a 1500uf and 360v capacitor lyter 1 holds 28% to 100% more energy than hot shoe speedlights. because lyter 1 isn’t a hot shoe speedlight, it doesn’t need to have a tilt/swivel head. not having the tilt/swivel mechanism frees up space for a bigger capacitor. hot shoe speedlights simply don’t have the room for this much power. also check out the faq section at the very bottom! fastest recycle time on aa’s. 2 second to recycle at full power using fresh nimh. that’s up to 3x faster than other speedlights. no need to mess with expensive and cumbersome external battery packs in order to enjoy short recycle times and less frequent battery changes. lyter 1’s recycling circuitry is state of the art . it is digitally controlled, high frequency, and super efficient. it recharges a bigger capacitor in less time, and without heating your batteries like speedlights do. less energy wasted on cooking batteries leaves more energy for taking pictures. recycling is silent too, as you would expect from any top grade speedlight. overheating sucks. lyter 1 houses a bigger and higher rated xenon bulb than a typical hot shoe speedlight. it can withstand more flash bursts before getting hot. unique flash compartment design further helps to keep the bulb cool. lyter 1 keeps you shooting while other speedlights are stuck in thermal protection. the xenon bulb is coated to provide a daylight balanced 5600k color temperature. conveniently shoot alongside sunlight without the need for color correction gels. lyter 1 can be powered with a wide range of external batteries*. a power cable is included with every lyter 1 for this purpose. 12 volt sealed lead acid batteries are a great choice. available everywhere at various capacities, they cost as little as $15. other battery options include those for: auto, motorcycle, marine, lawn tractor, alarm system, and countless more. when lyter 1 is powered externally the recycle time drops to 1 second . no aa’s need to be placed inside. hot shoe speedlights force you to buy proprietary battery packs. you will have to spend $400 for the battery plus $50 for the power cable to get an equivalent capacity. *please always refer to the battery manufacturer’s requirements regarding proper use and handling. when multiple photographers need to share speedlights such as weddings, events, groups shoots, classrooms , etc., radiostrobe really shines. because even though the lights are shared, each photographer retains complete creative control of how every group/light will behave for them. on their lynqt 1 each photographer decides: manual and ttl modes, power setting for each group, sync mode (standard or high speed sync), curtain mode (1st or 2nd), autofocus assist (on or off). on their camera each photographer decides: aperture, shutter speed, iso. as each photographer presses the shutter, the lyter 1’s will instantly adapt and fire accordingly. they can even mix canon and nikon cameras. to share lights photographers select the same channel, among the 16 available. to keep systems separated select different channels. example below shows 2 images of dagny taken by julian and peter at nearly the same time. the creative choices and resulting photos are completely unique. radiostrobe is built to complement the high quality camera equipment you will use it with. all printed circuit boards (pcb) are manufactured in the usa . brand name components of the highest quality are sourced from reputable usa distributors who guarantee genuine parts. no cheap gray market knock off components allowed. pcb assembly is performed in the usa . the plastic and metal pieces are manufactured overseas, by usa owned companies. final assembly and testing is performed in the usa . hybrid flash duration radiostrobe can extend your battery life by up to 3 times when shooting in high speed sync. based on your shutter speed, sensor size, and curtain travel time, lynqt 1 calculates how long the exposure needs to be and instructs the lyter 1’s to fire only for the duration necessary. your batteries last longer , your recycle time is reduced , and you give up nothing in exchange. completely automatic . soft sync switch over reduces the sudden change in light output that normally occurs when crossing over to high speed sync. when shooting in manual flash power mode this prevents unwelcome under exposed surprises . time aligned flash bursts when capturing a fast moving object with 2 or more speedlights set at different flash powers, an “afterglow” affect can occur. radiostrobe reduces this affect by improving the alignment of the flash bursts throughout the different power settings. adjustable beam spread the beam spread of the lyter 1 can be set between 24 105mm using a slider located on top. the slider is positioned such that it is accessible even with a flash modifier installed. modeling light when positioning your light, use the “model” button on the back of lyter 1 to see where the light will fall. a shower of flashes will fire for approximately 1 second. alternatively, set off the model lights of all the lyter 1’s at once from the lynqt 1… using the “send” button. standard light modifiers the profile of lyter 1 is similar to hot shoe flashes, so you can use most light modifiers designed for hot shoe flashes on the lyter 1. optimum with umbrellas when mounted on an umbrella bracket lyter 1 points perfectly at the center of the umbrella so you get the most even light distribution possible. umbrellas are portable, quick to set up, and make great light. a perfect portable combination. integrated gel holders adding colored gels is a snap. cut gels into 2” x 3” and pinch them into place behind the integrated gel holders. note: thin gels are too flexible and won’t hold in windy conditions. audible and visible status indication with a flash placed off camera it is often too far away to see status and warning indications. so lyter 1 provides these both visibly with led’s, and audibly with numerous melodies . you’ll know when the flash is ready, battery is low, battery is dead, unit is warm, unit is hot. the sound volume can be set to high, low, or off with a switch on the back of the lyter 1. or, you can mute the sound from your entire lighting setup with a single switch on lynqt 1. range extender routine long distances and/or crowded areas can affect rf communication. activate the lynqt 1’s auto fire mode and adjust the antennas on your lyter 1’s for best performance. multi function “send” button with lynqt 1 already powered up: normal press/release: test fire medium press/release: model light feature. followed by manual or ttl mode setting confirmation for each group. hold press: disable/enable autofocus assist feature during power up with send button already pressed: release button immediately after power up: update ttl and manual modes. followed by confirmation for each group. release button when blue led comes on: enable range extender routine. hold press: firmware version currently in use. stack able lyter 1 is totally flat on top and bottom. this makes them easy to set on most surfaces and use them as is, easy to stack two for double the light output, and easy to fit in a camera bag. standard batteries lyter 1 runs on 8x aa batteries. lynqt 1 runs on 2x aaa’s. no expensive, hard to find, proprietary batteries needed. output/input port since lynqt 1 occupies the camera’s hot shoe, it provides a jack which can be used for both outputs and inputs. output usage: trigger other products (speedlights, etc.). input usage: trigger lynqt 1 with another device. note: see specifications for details. metal mounts lyter 1 features a 1 piece machined metal mount with a standard 1/4 20 thread for light stands, tripods, etc. lynqt 1’s foot is 1 piece metal. quick draw attach and remove slide lynqt 1 onto your camera and it attaches and locks in instantly . press the release button to unlock and slide off. no lock wheels or latches to deal with. leave user’s manual behind lighting controls are intuitive, easy to use, and always accessible . only a few, less urgent features are not 100% accessible, which you will quickly master. firmware support relax with the peace of mind that your gear will be up to date. radiostrobe makes firmware updates easier than ever. just download the firmwares to a microsd card, place it in the unit, and turn it on. in less than 1 minute , it’s done. take that same card and use it to update all of your gear. the firmwares for lynqt 1 and lyter 1 can all be on the same card at the same time, even canon and nikon versions. each unit will find and load the appropriate files automatically. you’ll be up and running in a few minutes. lynqt 1 is available in two versions: lynqt 1c for canon dslr’s lynqt 1n for nikon dslr’s since lyter 1 communicates with lynqt 1, it is not camera dependent. due to regulation radiostrobe products can only be sold to countries that allow the 916 and 869 mhz frequencies and have adopted the fcc and ce requirements. please see the list of countries below to confirm that radiostrobe can be shipped to you. the correct frequency will be shipped based on your shipping address. 916 mhz versions are available for: usa canada 869 mhz versions are available for: austria belgium bulgaria croatia cyprus czech republic denmark estonia finland france germany greece hungary iceland ireland italy latvia liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg malta netherlands norway poland portugal romania slovakia slovenia spain sweden switzerland united kingdom summary below. full details at www.radiostrobe.com compatible with: requires lynqt 1 to operate. assignable groups: 4 (a, b, c, d). select using switch. capabilities controlled from lynqt 1: power range: from full power to 1/128 in 1/3 stop steps. high speed sync: yes sync speed range: 30 sec to 1/8000 sec 2nd curtain sync: yes frames per second: 25+ autofocus assist: yes, automatic. can be disabled. communication method: wireless radio radio frequency: 916 mhz (usa and canada), 869 mhz (europe) radio range: 1000’ (range is dependent on environmental conditions, both physical and electromagnetic) channels: 16 beam spread: adjustable from 24 to 105 mm color temperature: daylight balanced to 5600k power source options: 8 x aa’s (internal, not provided) a/c wall adapter (provided) external battery 8 14vdc (not provided) auxiliary power jack: use with the a/c wall adapter. or use the provided cable and attach to any dc battery between 8 to 14 volts which can supply 1a of current or more. recycling times at full power (approx): with 8x aa fresh nimh batteries: 2 seconds with provided a/c adapter: 2.5 seconds with auxiliary battery between 12 14vdc: 1 second visual indications: red led for pilot/ready (accompanied by tone) yellow led for battery (accompanied by melody) blue led for temperature (accompanied by melody) green led for rf reception audible indications: during recycling: a constant tone. (accompanied by red led when ready) power source melodies: batteries near empty, batteries need replacing. (accompanied by yellow led) temperature melodies: flash bulb warm, flash bulb hot, batteries warm, batteries hot. (accompanied by blue led) mounting: stainless steel mounting block with a standard 1/4 20” thread. size: l8.4″ x w3″ x h2″ (l=8.8″ including antenna protrusion). (approx.) estimated retail price: $650 all product design, features, specification, dimensions and prices are subject to change without notice in order to incorporate improvements. summary below. full details at www.radiostrobe.com compatible cameras: canon and nikon dslrs. number of groups: 4 (a, b, c, d) number of lyter 1’s per group: unlimited power range control: from full power to 1/128 in 1/3 stop steps, and off high speed sync: yes. automatic detection and activation. sync speed range: 30 sec to 1/8000 sec 2nd curtain sync: yes. enable using switch. curtain/sync options: 1st curtain, 2nd curtain frames per second: 25+ autofocus assist: yes, automatic. modeling light: yes. use “send” button to activate. lyte r1’s will illuminate for approximately 1 second. radio frequency: 916 mhz (usa and canada), 869 mhz (europe) radio range: 1000’ (range is dependent on environmental conditions, both physical and electromagnetic) channels: 16 send button: performs multiple functions based on press duration. with lynqt 1 already powered up: normal press/release: test fire medium press/release: model light feature. followed by manual or ttl mode setting confirmation for each group. hold press: disable/enable autofocus assist feature during power up with send button already pressed: release button immediately after power up: update ttl and manual modes. followed by confirmation for each group. release button when blue led comes on: enable range extender routine. hold press: firmware version currently in use. sound control: switch on/off visual indications: red led for power on and low battery green led for transmit blue led for high speed sync output/input port: 2.5mm mono jack. provides/detects a momentary ground signal. output function: trigger other devices. limited to camera’s x sync speed. (duration: 10 20ms, voltage: 5v max, current: 5ma max). input function: trigger lynq t1 externally. limited to 1/30s sync speed. (duration: 10ms min, voltage: 0 to 5v, current: 5ma max). power source: 2 x aaa’s estimated retail price: $300 all product design, features, specification, dimensions and prices are subject to change without notice in order to incorporate improvements. your support on  Jimmy Fraud  is perfect solution. because together, we can make it sooner and at a lower price . the other option is to raise money from investors and take out bank loans. this not only takes a lot of time to accomplish, but both investors and banks cost money. everyone wants a piece of the pie. collaborating directly with you means that your funding goes straight towards making the product. not to pay for investor's cuts and interest on loans. it's your money , better spent! with no exaggeration, the life of this company is entirely in your hands. we hope you feel that it should succeed, as we do. hi  Jimmy Fraud , i’m raman evazians. a photographer since 2007, i got hooked onto off camera lighting instantly at a local strobist group shoot in 2008. after years of searching, buying, and piecing together the available gear it was obvious that no one had designed a system specifically for this purpose. it was about time that someone did, and just like that, radiostrobe was born! radiostrobe is the first and only portable wireless speedlight system designed specifically for off camera photographers like you and me. it is designed by photographers for photographers. my background is in electrical engineering, computer science, power electronics, circuit design, and pcb design. i have 15+ years of professional experience in manufacturing which helps me see projects through, from idea to reality. i have been a “maker” for about 30 years and have made many gadgets over that time. won the ieee autonomous robot competition at my university. built a remote car starter that was activated with a phone call (this was in the early 90’s mind you). been involved with radio controlled airplanes/helicopters/cars for 25 years. have modified existing flashes and have built light modifiers as needs arose. more recently i have been designing and printing goodies on my desktop 3d printer. radiostrobe is both my latest and my greatest achievement. it truly encompasses everything i had envisioned it would. i sincerely hope you will find it a refreshing addition to your camera bag. risks and challenges radiostrobe is high end gear. therefore, the primary focus has been on maximizing quality and performance, not making the cheapest product. this goal greatly reduces the chance for issues to arise. because it enables us to work with top quality companies and top quality components. few players  if the number of companies involved is large, so too will be the opportunity for issues, miscommunication, delays, and finger pointing. as well as added time and cost of shipping components between them.  with radiostrobe, the number of players involved in manufacturing has therefore been kept low. just two.   one (usa) company handles the plastic and metal parts.   another (usa) company is the central hub and handles everything else. procurement, pcb manufacture, pcb assembly, final assembly, testing, packing, and shipping. proven expertise  our plastic manufacturer has over 50 years experience in the industry.  our assembly company has been in business for over 30 years. they have many years of experience in manufacturing high quality lighting equipment for the photography industry. operational philosophy  how will issues be handled when they arise? that is a far more important concern than the issues themselves. even top quality brands like canon, nikon, toyota, etc., can't completely prevent issues from occurring.  there were many companies which offered "cheaper" quotes. however, only companies which proved that they were invested in quality results were chosen. companies with the following philosophies: "if something is not right, we'll make it right" "we don't succeed unless you succeed" although great effort has been placed on making the manufacturing process as smooth as possible, it would not be complete without listing some key risks and challenges. risk (time and cost):  during fcc/ic/ce certification testing, the product does not meet all requirements.  worst case could require a modification to the hardware. then re testing of new design. risk mitigation:  detailed conferences have been conducted to identify and address all the tests involved as well as any areas of concern.  the pcb design and layout has been reviewed by an expert. risk (time):  the fit or finish of the parts (plastic or metal) is not as desired.  worst case could requires modification of molds. then new samples produced for review. risk mitigation:  here too, detailed conferences have been conducted to identify and address the areas of concern.  the manufacturer has a short turn around time for first article inspection. this allows for small chances to be implemented with minimal impact on timeline. regardless of the challenges, everyone is fully committed to doing what is right, and making it right. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 