wards section receive a version of faceforward (android, ios). the all inclusive version is from $50. current goal: android platform ($10,116.99) | ios platform ($23,327.46) faceforward at a glance faceforward is an advanced and third generation training software to accurately recognize facial expressions in any situations. it provides a high quality training experience with the longest shelf life on the market. the basic features can easily be extended with in app features available in the in app store. recognizing facial expressions accurately is an essential skill to understand emotions and the foundation to many other skills such as building rapport, resolving conflicts, negotiation and detecting deception. your intuition is a good as your training. we live in a society that teaches us to ignore non verbal behaviour and emotions. the display of emotions are more often than not considered as a weakness. every relationship in your life will benefit from your newly acquired skills including your family, significant other, children, colleagues and boss, clients but most importantly yourself . faceforward features 225 high quality unaltered photos seven (7) universal facial expressions five (5) intensities for each facial expression visible facial expression onset and offset macro, micro and subtle expressions frontal, profile and 3/4th views no memory association perpetual license statistics achievements google play in app store multilingual (localization) social network integration intuitive gesture input artificial intelligence engine faceforward in app features the in app features will be available for purchase in the in app store. examples of in app features are: full screen eyes only, mouth only, nose only, visual distractions (blurry, shaking, upside down, mirrored, low light, etc.), auditory/vibration distractions, additional practice (such as beauties in app feature), ability to use your own photos and other downloadable content. although some in app features may be more expensive, the suggested prices will be from $0.99 to $5.99 per feature. faceforward intuitive gesture input faceforward comes with an intuitive gesture input that focuses on natural gestures and speed. this innovation allows a natural flow, best learning experience and full screen facial expressions rather than crowding the screen with buttons. faceforward artificial intelligence faceforward brings artificial intelligence to your learning experience where it adapts the various factors to tailor your current skills and challenge you just enough for you to improve. it will speed up facial expressions as you improve but will slightly slow them down when you have difficulties. the facial expressions that you have difficulties to recognize will come back more often until you improve. in app features also benefit from faceforward artificial intelligence. for example, visual distractions will progressively be more aggressive in distracting and challenging you — shaking will shake faster, blurring will blur more, light will gradually dim. faceforward requirements faceforward requires an android 2.3+ or ios [iphone, ipad] compatible mobile device. a lot of memory space and a decent frame rate will be required to display the highest resolution possible on your mobile device. faceforward timeline kickstarster rewards stretch goals >>> pledge more, get more! <<< stretch goal $23,327.46: ios platform the ios platform is extremely popular and the appeal of iphone and ipad are unprecedented. it is only fair to consider taking faceforward to the next step and implement an ios compatible version. reaching this stretch goal will make the development of this version possible in a timely fashion. i have experience developing on macos x (e.g. rgss player for macos x ) but currently do not own any apple hardware. this stretch goal includes the cost for hardware but hardware donation will wave those cost. stretch goals from $33,273.89 to $70,164.50: beauties in app features the beauties in app features includes mostly beautiful female models and a few handsome male models. each model will express at least the seven (7) universal facial expressions. most beauties in app features incur similar expenses and, for this reason, a poll will be used to decide the order of development and release. stretch goal $75,000: detecting deception and negotiation in app features baseline training in app feature facial expressions pattern recognition in app feature concealed facial expressions in app feature all pledgers between $25 $49 receive frontal, profile and 3/4th version of faceforward + 1 in app feature all pledgers between $50 $349 receive frontal, profile and 3/4th version of faceforward + 3 in app features all pledgers between $350 $1,499 additionally receive one beauties in app feature. stretch goal $125,000: additional beauties in app features all previous beauties in app features will have 2x more models development of hispanic, latin american and middle eastern beauties in app features female and male models video interviews available on youtube travel photo journal and experiences available on my blog all pledgers below $5 receive a digital frontal universal facial expressions cue card all pledgers between $5 $14 receive frontal version of faceforward + 1 in app feature all pledgers between $15 $24 receive frontal and profile version of faceforward + 1 in app feature all pledgers between $25 $49 receive frontal, profile and 3/4th version of faceforward + 3 in app features + custom  Jimmy Fraud  theme all pledgers between $50 $349 receive frontal, profile and 3/4th version of faceforward + 3 in app features + one beauties in app feature all pledgers between $350 $1,499 additionally receive two beauties in app feature instead of one. stretch goal $250,000: windows, macos x and linux version revive the original faceforward project for windows, macos x and linux. all pledgers receive 25% off the version of their choice. faceforward expenses why do i need funding? faceforward is the culmination of nearly 5 years of research and development as an unintended consequence of reviewing products in the field of verbal and non verbal communication. faceforward is the embodiment of all my ideas to create the ultimate facial expression training experience. i have had many hurdles during every phase of faceforward, including two rewrite of faceforward for windows and macos x. the overall constraints caused several major redesigns until i decide to write an android app that could be done within one man band reach. i could settle for a simple initial release on google play store and build features as time goes but i feel it would not be the ultimate experience that you deserve and that i long for… your generosity is making a difference. risks and challenges the risks and challenges are reasonable and i divided solutions and strategies accordingly. the viability of faceforward is certain but time may be heavily affected, so i respectfully suggest you to be patient. the single most effective way to speed up the development is undoubtedly more money. the more you pledge, the faster faceforward is released. risk: a lazy incompetent irresponsible software engineer. solutions: 1. a contract will be signed to protect rights and ensure the fulfillment of the duties of both parties. 2. i will find somebody else in the case of breach of contract. or, 3. i will complete the project on my own. consequences: it will inevitably delay the release of faceforward if the situation go awry. challenge: android device fragmentation. some devices may need tweaking because of eclectic features, screen resolution, processing performance, internal bugs, etc. the processing performances is important because faceforward needs to display facial expressions at a blazing fast speed. solutions: 1. i will closely work with you to ensure your device is fully supported. and, 2. a comprehensive dynamic loading animation caching policy. and, 3. performance sensitive devices might skip few frames to maintain fluidity. and/or, 4. device scaled appropriate images and possibly slightly reduced image quality. consequences: it will not delay the release of faceforward but it may delay its use on some specific devices. risk: unsupported unsupportable android device. faceforward is a modern software for modern devices. its minimalistic approach gives it a fair chance to support your android devices but it does require a considerable amount of memory space and a decent frame rate in order to provide the highest possible quality. an alternative reward will be decided on a case by case basis for those who have a device that is unsupportable. risk: beauties in app features stretch goal is met but the funding is proven insufficient. solutions: 1. reduce the number of models. and/or, 2. begin the training via internet and saving on hotel fees by spending less time onsite. consequences: face to face training is the most effective to maintain quality and discipline. it will be challenging to reach this objective when the training is via internet. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 