ick chieffo, nic penn, and jr acuna, the directors of this little project we call last summer. we're part of the theatre department at our high school and we thought, you know, there's not much to do by way of film around here. so we want to make our own. but, being teenagers, we are slightly strapped for cash and resources, so for this we turn to you, the ever helpful and always surprising internet. who are we? nick, nic (don't worry, we get confused too), and jr have been involved in our high school's theatre group for quite some time, and while that's all well and good and we couldn't be happier with the program, there are limited opportunities for film, which we have come to find many people are interested in. with a script by nic and a unique vision from nick, we want to make a film that hasn't been seen around our parts before. what are we doing? we, as co directors, plan to make a feature length film set in our hometown community fully written, directed, crewed, and acted by high schoolers. we have an extremely capable crew as well as support from family and friends, and we've just cast one hell of a group of talented actors. well, what's it about? right, the plot. here's a synopsis: last summer is a film about a group of friends immediately following their graduation from high school. riley harker, a truly nice guy with some confidence issues, with his best friend dan, his girlfriend amy, their buddy kyle, and a puzzle of a girl named clare struggle to navigate their lives that are about to take a major turn for the adult. the inevitable summer flings and crises of purpose throw a wrench in the proposed plans of fun. ultimately, the race against the clock of life catches up with them and the gang realizes what's really to happen to them as they move on in the world. sound like a good story? we think so. we want to tell this story because it's something that many of our peers have gone through/are going through/will go through, and we feel that the only people that can tell it honestly and unrelentingly are those who really know it. what do we need? here's where you come in. to make this film look and sound as good as possible, we need a few things that we wouldn't have access too without your help. first, we'll be buying a sound recorder, which will take in all the sound we record with mics and make it sound crystal clear and wonderful. we also need money for lighting rentals and generators, so you can see our gorgeous actor's faces, as well as lenses for the camera we'll be using. in addition, we'll be building a jib, which will allow us to lift the camera above the actors and for us to get some really cool shots. and we need money for various expenses we may come across along the way, like costume pieces, props, etc. what's in it for you? glad you asked! we're excited to offer all those special perks you see on the sidebar there, but we're even more excited to offer you a really great project, an enjoyable film, and a chance to be a part of something one of a kind. we want you to be as involved in this as you can. we know what it's like to see something you've helped make be put out in the world and liked, and it's truly special. that's what we want for you. if you donate to our project, any amount at all, you'll be able to say you helped make something great and be proud. we'll make you proud. check our facebook page for info, photos, and updates! https://www.facebook.com/lastsummerfilm risks and challenges we have dealt with productions before, and the issues that can arise are daunting and inhibiting. but we can deal with that, as we have before. the cast and crew have all given their schedules to us and we've managed to work around every foreseeable scheduling conflict. obviously there are some things that we can't account for, and in that event, we have tried to remain as flexible as possible. we plan to shoot as often as possible so we can bring you the film as soon as we can. we are working on securing locations to film, and this can be an issue that halts productions dead. however, we have capable location managers on the prowl for second, third, and fourth choices for places to shoot, and even if all that falls through, the script allows for flexibility in location, so there's nothing we can't deal with. in reality, there isn't a problem we can foresee that will stop us from making this movie. we are a resourceful, hardworking team that is willing to take on all challenges, because we want you to have a movie to see, as much as we want to have a movie to be proud of. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 