ier added! final 8 days! a lot of people want a physical copy of this book. for a $125 pledge you'll get a hardcover copy of the book (112 pages of story, plus extras), along with two shirts, a copy of the script and everything else offered. have you already pledged? that's okay, you can easily change your amount by logging in. haven't pledge but want to? now is your chance. we're limiting this to a small run of 200 only, so act now. here's the final cover: the concept the galaxy girls is an original (digital) graphic novel about two sisters attempting to mend their broken relationship as they race to retrieve their stolen ship, prevent a corrupt government from using a devastating weapon of mass destruction and save the universe from annihilation at the hands of an ancient creature known as the nibiru. the all female crew of the galaxy girl will have to deliver a cache of quantum hallucinogens to a planet of mythical god worshipping natives, however, the mission is quickly revealed to be set up and it isn't long before the intergalactic union sends in their elite police force to impound the girls’ ship and arrest the team. now mallori and the rest of the “galaxy girls” race the clock to build an army big enough to fight the intergalactic union, protect the planet stronghold of the independent movement (a rebellious uprising of those who believe the union is an evil empire), and steal their damn ship back! free preview we know that committing to something sight unseen is a lot to ask, so we don't want to force that upon you. that's why we're giving you the prologue for free! we truly believe this gives you an excellent taste of what's to come. if you enjoy this, i promise it'll be worth your investment to pre order your copy with a donation today!! you can read it at this link or below!!! click each image to open in a new window. page one page two page three pages four & five page six page seven page eight page nine page ten page eleven page twelve whaaaaaattt??!?!?! will the sisters be reunited? will tanna lose herself to the seductively dark intergalactic union? what's with that big bird lady? find out in the pages of "the galaxy girls" !!!! the cast the cast mallori galaxy (27 yrs old)   called “mal” by her friends. she prefers to keep her past shrouded in as much mystery as possible, but the crew has managed to learn enough about her character to trust her with their lives. she’s had the galaxy girl since she was 17, and has heavily modified it over the years to fit her specific needs. tanna galaxy (27 yrs old)   mal's twin sister (not identical) has always been known as the serious sister. her no nonsense attitude keeps the group together, while her strategic leadership keeps them alive. she leaves the crew to join the galactic union's elite police force   abandoning her sister and the crew in favor of a payday and job security. vernita (125 yrs old)   the bird like women of tarath are the largest and most powerful members of the independent movement. vernita protested the planet's race to join the war between the union and independents. she was sent into exile for refusing to join the fight against universal government proposed by the union's formation. dahlia (unknown)   one, in a line of pleasuredrones   sex bots that had the unique ability to change their appearance based on pre programmed datapacks. quickly recalled by their manufacturer after hackers began to make them look like celebrities and political figures. dahlia managed to escape the recall and has been hiding as a part of mal’s crew ever since. dr. dot (15 yrs old)   she is a female doogie howser. she joined the galaxy girl crew after completing med school and finding the intergalactic medical system to be corrupt. dot has a huge collection of make up that she covets and refuses to share with her shipmates. she also kind of has a crush on mal... how will the money be spent? great question. it's simple: the money being raised will pay the artist for his talent and time. this is a passion project for me. i've spent the last seven years thinking, developing and writing galaxy girls. the commitment to write it isn't as time intensive as the commitment to draw the whole thing. that is where your investment into our dream comes into play. typically an artist of sherard's caliber makes anywhere from $90   $200 a page (if not more in some cases, especially considering he's also coloring), and this money is how he supports himself. i'm asking sherard to draw over 100 pages. it will take him a few months of dedicated work to produce the book in a timely manner. therefore he needs, and deserves, to be compensated. the $11,000 we are asking for breaks down like this:  $1100.00    Jimmy Fraud  fees leaving us with $9900.00 of which we'll pay sherard... $88.00 per page for 113 pages of digital comic book awesome. i believe in this project, and i want the best possible artist, i found that person in sherard. now i need to pay him to block out the time to get this thing drawn. i'm hoping your pre orders can help make that a reality. reward costs will come out of my pocket. it's worth it for me to get t shirts, stickers and pins made for those of you who are gracious enough to contribute to making this dream of mine a reality. you're already the coolest people in the world just for taking the time to read this plea. as i've mentioned, this is a digital release. the money we're hoping to raise, sadly, doesn't cover any printing costs. so... we're also (as mentioned below) launching with built in stretch goals so that you can have a transparent understanding of what we're asking for, what we want and why... *stretch goal 1   if we hit $15,000 everyone who donated at $25 or above will receive a bound, printed version of the book!! *stretch goal 2   if we hit $25,000 all soft covers are upgraded to a hardcover version of the book!! t shirt choices depending on what amount you donate, you could find yourself eligible for a t shirt as a reward. the choices of t shirts are below. each shirt is an original design by sherard jackson, and three are featured in the book at some point or another. about the creators sherard jackson and shawn depasquale have worked in the comics industry for well over a decade. shawn depasquale is a los angeles based television, movie and comic book writer. his previous graphic novels space, mn and pixies , were critically acclaimed, and are now drawing motion picture interest from a major production company. shawn is a jack of all trades in the comic book industry, having lettered work for image, oni, archaia, zenescope and more since 2003. sherard jackson is a comic book artist, animator and writer whose work has been published by dc online, image comics, boom! studios, marvel, antarctic press, devil’s due publishing, dynamite entertainment, and big head press. he is currently working on more creator owned projects including a follow up to his highly regarded image book semantic lace . the galaxy girls represents an exciting new evolution in his gorgeous style. quick thanks the above video would not have been possible without the help of filmmaker rebecca shapiro who had to sit in a room with sherard and i while we figured out what to say, then made us look way better than we appear in real life. contact her for your own  Jimmy Fraud  video at https://twitter.com/byrshapiro . the music was written and provided by dan teicher   composer, musician, rock god   who can be found at http://www.danteicher.com/ and also on stage with the ludlow thieves   an immensely talented band who, if you're not already familar with, you should be. check'em out! risks and challenges the nice thing about this project is that the risks are minimal. part of the reasoning behind an all digital release is that we won't have a printing cost overhead, which means our fundraising goal is lower. this is also the reasoning behind the stretch goals, which we'll repeat below: *stretch goal 1   if we hit $15,000 everyone who donated at $25 or above will receive a bound, printed version of the book!! *stretch goal 2   if we hit $25,000 all soft covers are upgraded to a hardcover version of the book!! we did the math and realized that if we go over our initial goal by $4,000 we can afford to include a printed version of the book!! we then looked into the jump to print hardcover and realized it's a bit more expensive, hence the jump to a $25,000 stretch goal. the only other potential snag might be the fulfillment of the sketches, which can take a while. however we have a solid plan in place for getting the book finished first and then having sherard move on to donor sketches. in closing both sherard and i want to thank you for taking the time to read the above, check out the page and spreading the word even if you can't afford a donation. that said, we also want to express that every little bit helps, even a dollar can brings us closer to our goal and get this story and these characters out into the world. we love them and we know you will too. thank you for your time. peace and love, shawn and sherard los angeles, ca 6 15 2014 learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 