cial gathering, only to end up mired in complicated and conflicting schedules, each reluctantly drip fed to you a different way? the phrase “like herding cats” may have come up. well catherd is your solution! catherd is a web based mobile optimised tool that helps you plan a gathering, by mashing up calendar invites with surveys. catherd avoids many planning pitfalls by inverting the classic model: instead of trying to recruit people for a predetermined date, catherd focuses participant availability . you don’t have to deal with simple yes or no responses. you don’t have to cross reference various alternative suggestions. you don’t have to go back and forth with your guests trying to negotiate between them. you don’t have to go through the entire exercise again when it all falls through. with catherd you are presented with all the options so you can choose the best one for everyone. and, if it doesn’t work out, with catherd it’s easy to reschedule! catherd is really very simple. you create a new “herd”, choose some suggested days and times, and add people to it. each person you added gets an email with a special link to catherd, where they enter their availability. the combined results are presented to you so you can pick a day and time that suits everyone. catherd even sends out confirmations and calendar appointments. so why not try it out for yourself? a fully functional beta is available at http://catherd.mobi . catherd is different catherd can compared to other products with superficial similarities. classic emailed calendar invites, and custom web surveys have features that overlap catherd, but don’t do everything that catherd does: there are a few other other technologies with similar features, but they all have limitations that catherd was built specifically to address: mobile optimisation account free: no sign up required precise time entry simplicity timezone awareness the project catherd is my last ditch attempt to establish myself as an independent developer, making things directly for people. catherd already has: a fully functional working beta (catherd.mobi) a robust development plan an commitment to transparency i am asking for funding to keep catherd alive i am hoping to an opportunity to take on catherd full time and improve it (stretch goal 1) i dream of developing catherd pro (stretch goal 2) what you'll get as a backer: ad free unrestricted access to catherd forever guarantee of availability and reliability for at least a year, or for as long as catherd stays up, whichever is later direct input into development and support priorities, commensurate with your pledge level. if stretch goals are met: future improvements, including professional grade functionality access to the books . you will know exactly what your money is being used for catherd will be open sourced if funding goal is not met, i will have to stop work on catherd and put all my efforts into looking for someone to take it off my hands. regardless of outcome, i will do my best to ensure that anyone who pledges at amateur herder or above will get catherd ad free for perpetuity. goals base target: catherd basic catherd can only run for another month in its current state, and doesn't have the grunt to support many simultaneous users. if we reach the funding goal of $11,967 (us$8,651 / €7,259), i will not be able to continue active development of catherd, but i will make it available to all, for as long as possible. pledged amounts will be used for: premium hosting for no less than a year polish basic support after one year, integrated advertising will be activated for non backers, to try and keep catherd running. any additional funding above the base target will keep catherd running ad free for longer. the target amount is itemised in the costs breakdown section. premium hosting catherd is hosted in the microsoft azure cloud, at the cheapest possible level. premium level is required for the scalability and support program required to ensure catherd is reliable enough to be useful. ssl certificates will also be required, and i would also like to try and get hold of the catherd.com domain. polish a web designer will be contracted to provide custom images and icons for catherd. this will free us from long term licensing commitments. basic support at basic level i will not be able to continue active development of catherd, but i will provide what support i can, and fix any major bugs. stretch goal 1: catherd advanced catherd is not fully realised in its current form. if we reach an amazing nz$37,352 (us$27,002 / €22,658) i will take on catherd full time and complete the further enhancements i would like to make, including: local storage and background synchronisation advanced time entry mode themes improved browser support performance enhancements enhanced security any additional funding above the stretch goal will be used to add more features, as decided by the backers. the target amount is based on the basic costs, plus six months of development. catherd advanced will be delivered within six months of the date the stretch goal is reached. local storage and background sync catherd has partially implemented support for storing data in the browser’s local storage, to speed up loading. completed support for local storage (detailed in this specification ), and background synchronisation to eliminate the need for full page refreshes, is planned. advanced time entry mode selection of suggested and available days in catherd does not allow people to pick more than one time region for a single day. a user cannot, for example, pick 9:30am 10:30am, and 6:30pm 7:30pm, both on 8 august. furthermore, selection of suggested times does not support the intermediate mode possible when entering availability. advanced time entry mode (detailed in this specification ) will rectify this. themes catherd uses distinctive language, which could confused or even alienate some people. theme support will allow you to change the language, colours, icons, and some aspects of layout to suit their event. further details are available in this specification . performance enhancements part of catherd is built in asp.net because i had prior experience with this framework. catherd makes very light use of this technology, but there are faster and simpler alternatives that would increase performance, reduce operating costs, and improve maintainability. improved browser support due to time and resource constraints, catherd was only extensively tested on chrome, on a pc. this is not acceptable for a wide audience. a support statement will be written and qa cycle developed to ensure catherd works on the platforms you want to use. enhanced security catherd is committed to treating all information entered by users as sensitive and protected, regardless of how safe it looks. every effort has been made to make catherd secure, but there are always opportunities to further harden catherd against attack. some pre emptive considerations are planned, such as reducing or eliminating cookie reliance and choosing a more secure key format . up to you i believe these are good ideas, but as a backer you will be able to vote on priorities. catherd is after all, for you. stretch goal 2: catherd pro catherd is designed to be simple and hassle free, ideal for infrequent and casual use. this does not make catherd well suited to the higher demands of a working environment. if we reach an astounding nz$73,725 (us$53,296 / €44,722), i will build catherd pro , adding premium features useful to professionals and power users: calendar integration user accounts teams professional look and feel the target amount is based on stretch goal 1 plus an additional six months of development. catherd pro will be delivered within twelve months of the date the stretch goal is reached. calendar integration catherd’s simple zero setup design lets you start using catherd immediately with no fuss. however, if you have a busy schedule and you keep an up to date calendar then calendar integration is a must have feature. catherd will read your calendars and show your availability when planning a gathering or responding to an invitation. gatherings planned in catherd will be automatically be added to your calendar. user accounts catherd’s account free design means you don’t need to remember another user name and password, and reduces commitments for new users. routine users of catherd may find the email based authentication system cumbersome, especially when using multiple devices. the ability to create an account and log in on each device will make using catherd easier for professionals and power users. furthermore, features like teams and calendar integration will require user accounts. teams with teams in catherd, you’ll be able to add people to a group, which can then be added to your herds in one go. when gathering a herd, you’ll also be able to see team member’s availability based on their previous submissions and calendar integration, helping you pick better suggestions. professional look and feel catherd’s layout is optimised for mobile devices, and has unique quirky design language. catherd pro will have toned down desktop layout option, that is more suitable for a working environment, and takes advantage of full sized monitors. background i started catherd as passion/vanity project back in october of 2014 . i had finished a contract on big it project and decided to take a break. i enjoy what i do, but i take it very seriously. i’ve been investing my creative energies in other people’s dreams for all my working life, so instead of returning to gainful employment, i resolved to create something i could have creative control over. something for people, rather than entities. something free of the spiritually fatiguing compromises necessitated by the politics and conflicting objectives that are a reality of the corporate world. the idea behind catherd was distilled from a previous attempt to make something. this ancestor idea wasn't bad, but much bigger and more ambitious than catherd. it did make it to a prototype, which was demonstrated to some investors, but unfortunately they didn't understand it. my business associate at time, who was responsible for the sales side, lost faith and left the project. it was too big to drive by myself, so the dream died on the vine. years later i took one of the features, streamlined it, and built catherd by myself from scratch (pun not intended). by may 2015 i completed the fully functional beta that you see today (with more than a little help from my partner). however, money was running low, so when a job offer came up i had to take it. catherd went on ice and i spent the next two years working for the man. i regretted not completing catherd and trying to turn it into something. a few months ago the project i was on wound up, so i launched myself back into catherd, resolving to get it to a usable state. fast forward to today, and history is repeating itself. with my partner returning to full time studying this year, and some family medical bills, financial pressures are mounting. two weeks ago i was offered a permanent role in an it consultancy. if it was just me, i might hold out on savings a little longer and scrape by as a struggling artist type, but i have dependants. i don't feel like i have much choice but to accept the job. i was able to negotiate a delayed start, fully disclosing this project and my hopes. so this is it it. if we reach the funding goal, i can keep the dream alive a bit longer, and maybe even build a community account it. if we hit the stretch goals, i can turn down the recent job offer and continue to dedicate myself to catherd full time. i am dj olsen, an it consultant/contractor living in new zealand. techwise, my specialisation and interests have diverged, with a career in enterprise data management, but a personal interest in software design. experiences with big corporate projects, practical database design, and in the trenches coding has given me a unique combination of skills. i’m highly self motivated, but not ambitious. i’d rather be a positive influence of modest means. i am supported by partner elizabeth, who supplies encouragement, ideas, research and has helped a lot with testing catherd. cost breakdown stretch goal 1 is based on the funding goal, plus six additional months development, contingency, and  Jimmy Fraud  fees. stretch goal 2 is based on stretch goal 1, plus another six months, contingency, and fees. over to you thank you for taking the time to read about my dream! if you have any questions, please post them here, or on the official forum . i post regularly on the development blog , and you can get at me on twitter @catherdapp . links catherd beta development blog trello planning board public forum public documentation library risks and challenges development time is a risk for catherd. the basic funding goal does not provision for support or bug fixes. these would be done in my own time, on top of full time employment, and so would necessarily be limited. if either stretch goal is reached, this risk is mitigated, as significant time has been provisioned for each phase of the project. if catherd is unexpectedly successful, hosting costs may exceed estimations. for this reason, cost estimates have a large margin and a contingency buffer. catherd may not be able to deliver a goal. for example, calendar integration may not be possible due to reliance on cooperating from an external party. in these cases the community will decide what alternative functionality will be built in its place. this does not mitigate the risk of failure to develop a promised feature, but does provide a solution for disappointed backers. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 