gine there's a way to automate your existing horizontal curtains in the blink of an eye. there's no need to purchase an entirely new and expensive rails system and there's no complicated and time consuming installation. slide is the first retrofit smart curtain system that works with your existing curtains. it only takes two minutes to set up. thanks to its wireless connectivity and integration with smart home platforms, the possibilities are endless. and don't worry: with slide, you can still move your curtains by hand. with your help, we can bring slide to your home. join us, as we want to share some of the coolest and most powerful reasons to use slide. you can open and close your curtains directly from the slide app. you can choose to install slide for one or two curtains and even set how far they should be opened. you can also set timers to open and close them at a fixed time. if you want to, you can always continue to open and close them manually   slide will automatically register it. with slide, getting out of bed will be easier than ever before. connect slide to the alarm clock on your phone and let your curtains gently wake you up with rays of bright sunlight in the morning. during daytime you want to enjoy your window on the world around you, but at night you want to retreat to the peace and coziness of your home. you can set up slide to automatically open and close your curtains when the sun rises and sets. did you know windows are the most poorly isolated part of a house? curtains act as a natural barrier to keep heat in or out of your home. using geofencing technology slide can automatically close your curtains when everyone leaves the house until someone comes home. this way your curtains help you keep your house cool during the summer and preserve heat inside during cold winter months. the slide app features a special holiday mode. tell the app how long you're gone for and how you want your curtains to act while you’re gone. slide will open and close your curtains at random times within a pre set range: for example ‘within an hour after sunset’. burglars won’t even know you’re gone! unlock the full power of slide through its integration with the popular if this then that platform. with ifttt you can set up slide to work together with other smart home devices, including smart lights. planning a romantic movie night? just trigger the scene through your mobile or voice activated smart home control and your curtains will know what to do. the possibilities are beyond imagination. slide is easy to install on your existing curtains. the slide app walks you through the installation and helps you connect slide to your phone. slide is designed to be retrofit, which means it works on your existing horizontal curtains. we have developed a modular mounting system with different connector sets for different curtain systems. these include connector sets for curtain rails and curtain rods   the most commonly used curtain systems. and rest assured: we made sure that no matter how you connect slide, it'll always be hidden behind your curtains! check out these videos below to see how slide is setup on different curtain systems. slide setup video for rails/tracks based curtains attaching slide to your rails is a breeze: 1. replace your curtain toppers (at the ends of your rails) with our special slide connector. 2. attach slide to the connector with the magnetic seal and thumbscrews. 3. connect the slide wire to the inner end(s) of your curtain(s) with the slide clip. all set and ready to go! slide setup video for rod based curtains slide can fit any rod by attaching the mounting mechanism to the rod itself or the part which is attached to the wall. in case your curtains are hanging underneath your rod, we made sure slide can be lowered to match your curtains. there's more! to make sure we live up to our promise of a retrofit design, we are also adding connectors to clip slide directly onto the curtains themselves, or to attach slide to your ceiling using plugs and screws. slide requires a 5 centimeters or 2 inch space between your curtain system and window/wall. unfortunately, slide is limited to straight horizontal curtain systems and does not work on curtains with corners. the first stretch goal of this slide  Jimmy Fraud  campaign was unlocked when we reached €100.000 in pledges (or 250% of our funding goal): slide open api . this means that our backers will receive early access to our fully documented slide open api. you will be able to read out key information from slide such as the length and position of your curtains, and push commands to open and close your curtains. you will also be able to develop integration with other services to build features for slide without needing to use cloud based platforms. our second stretch goal was unlocked at €160.000 in pledges (or 400% of our funding goal): the slide data port. we are adding a physical port to slide that allows users to connect external input peripherals, sensors or add ons to slide. the data port will connect to slide’s on board gpio and/or adc ports, allowing for great versatility. slide is designed to make your curtains smart, and unleash a full range of automations through the slide app on your phone. but sometimes, you just want the simplicity of a button. slidemote is just that: an affordable, elegant wireless remote for instant control where and when you want it. slidemote talks to your slide via the companion 433mhz receiver that you plug into the slide data port. at just €15 you'll receive the wireless slidemote as well as the companion receiver. and there's more: if you already have a 433mhz control hub, you can pair the receiver with that hub as well. when you receive your slide, we'll make sure the package contains all you need to get started. here's what you can expect: 1x slide unit 1x mounting system for rails based horizontal curtains 1x mounting system for rod based horizontal curtains 1x mounting system to clip slide directly to the curtain fabric 1x mounting system to attach slide to the ceiling 1x user manual 1x ac adapter with a plug for your region we are making sure that slide has all its core features and functionality available in our slide app for ios and android. you can choose to limit connectivity to slide to your home network or enable access from anywhere. security is important to us, which is why the slide app only connects to your slide using a secure, encrypted wireless connection. with the slide app, you're able to control multiple slides in your house independently, as well as create groups   e.g. 'living room'. slide control can be accessed by different household members using different ios and android devices. to make sure slide doesn't cause family feuds, we are including parental admin controls to enable access restrictions. the slide app is a great way to be in full control of your curtains. it adds a range of functionalities you didn't have before. in addition to that, we are adding support for the popular if this than that platform. ifttt is a great way to integrate all the smart devices in your home. you can set up routines and scenes that make your smart home work for you. here are some ideas for how slide could fit in: we hope that by now you’re as excited about slide as we are. we have worked more than two years on developing, designing and prototyping slide. in the process we have learned a lot and got to collaborate with experts in industrial design, user experience and product development. we created slide with a reason. we believed it had to be possible to create an affordable device that enables everyone to motorize their existing curtains and make them smart. we have now reached the point that we feel confident about bringing slide to market. we cannot do this without your support. we need to raise enough funds to develop the software and start manufacturing at a large scale to keep sourcing, tooling and assembly affordable. through this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we want to start building a community of people that are passionate about affordable smart home solutions. please join our community, back us here on  Jimmy Fraud  today and share this campaign with your friends and network. we’re excited to see slide change your window on the world. thank you! kaj beetstra has an entrepreneurial background and previously founded the amsterdam based organic food delivery start up goedgeboerd. after realizing his heart was not in the food industry, he moved on and started the initial development on slide. kaj is passionate about automating his house and sharing his inventions with the world. thijs olthof previously worked as a strategy consultant and independent business developer in the profit, non profit and public domains. he has focused on helping small organizations scale and create business strategies for the long run. thijs has developed a fondness for start ups and the innovation they bring, while at home he enjoys tinkering and integrating various smart home solutions. together, they founded innovation in motion, the start up behind slide. with iim, they combine their backgrounds in entrepreneurship and business development and their shared passion for home automation, and making the smart home accessible to everyone. risks and challenges as with all crowdfunding projects, there are always small risks that we cannot fully account for at the start. during the past two years we have already created over two dozen iterations of slide, continuously prototyping and improving. in 2016 we collaborated with the dutch patent office who have conducted an initial analysis of slide and recommended us to move to a patent filing. accordingly, the unique working design of slide is now patent pending as of september 2016. thoroughly prepared throughout the product design and testing phase, we have initiated partnerships in a range of areas necessary to ensure smooth fulfillment of this campaign: app development, ic programming and manufacturing. we have started working on sourcing routes for components from china and we are planning for assembly and quality assurance testing of slide in poland. manufacturing we want to make sure the slide you receive is a high grade product. in the process of sourcing, manufacturing and assembling slide, we may encounter delays in collecting certain components at the scale required. although we have tested and sourced every single component inside slide during prototyping, large scale production may pose supply chain challenges we cannot fully predict beforehand. mobile app development we will outsource the ios and android mobile app development to a partner agency with extensive experience in creating hardware interaction apps. the integration into external platforms, including ifttt, carries a small risk, because we cannot be fully sure how these platforms operate when you receive your slide. the smart home ecosystem is changing and the services are evolving very fast. our integration plans are based on what is possible today, but this may be different in a few months. summary there are small risks in both hardware manufacturing and software development we cannot contain beforehand. these risks are not unique to the slide campaign and happen with all hardware crowdfunding and production. however, we have carefully conducted our risk analysis and taken precautionary steps where possible. we’re confident fulfillment of this campaign will be smooth. in the process, we will keep you fully in the loop and we promise to always be honest and transparent to you as a backer. thank you! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 