suk.com based on recent news events and set in the year 2037, shadows is a contemporary orwellian style vision of the future. the short sci fi film depicts a uk government using all digital technology for surveillance and control over the general population, becoming a totalitarian state. we join our lead characters, lee and jess on the brink of a revolution. about the film: the inspiration for the story comes straight from the news headlines amidst the revelations brought by the edward snowden leaks about government monitoring of phone calls, emails, social media etc. recently it emerged that there is even a backdoor to the iphone which can be exploited by gchq and the nsa, which allows them to access the microphone, camera, messages, contacts and other data on the phone – even when apparently switched off. this makes thousands of these devices a tool in the box of the security services. how many other devices could also be affected? ‘shadows’ is an extrapolation of these revelations. by the year 2037, the uk government – along with many others, has become an autocratic, totalitarian dictatorship. in order to control dissent and prevent a civil war, the government exercises a policy of automated surveillance of the entire population through all smart electronic devices, and a drone program called ‘ the shadow initiative’. discreet drones are used to shadow people of significant interest. the story revolves around two characters named lee and jess. the young couple are quintessential revolutionaries, they’re romantics in their ideology and their relationship is built on this emotional connection to the hope of a better future. shadows poster about the film makers: director/vfx artist luke armstrong http://www.lukefilm.co.uk http://www.inspired pictures.co.uk luke armstrong is a director and hollywood visual effects artist currently working for framestore. he has attained several awards from competitions and festivals for his short films. in 2009 he created a dramatic short film for thames valley police highlighting the dangers of alcohol abuse in young people, and subsequently another short film targeted at younger audiences. he went on to win second place in a competition for republic clothes, with the film being aired in their flagship westfield store. his spoof trailer for a feature film also made the top ten in sony’s trailer challenge completion. after an eight month stint working as a motion capture technician and directing various mocap shoots for students and staff at uop, armstrong graduated from the university of portsmouth in 2011, beating hundreds to attain an internship at hollywood visual effects studio cinesite in soho, london. following this he went on to work at three of the four top london vfx houses; the moving picture company, cinesite and framestore working on more than ten major hollywood feature films as a compositor including skyfall, world war z, iron man 3 and robocop. he recently wrapped on jupiter ascending and is currently working on his debut feature film and continuing to write and direct shorts. sample some of luke's vfx work here: http://youtu.be/ot6jpxqdm64 actor/producer johnny sachon http://www.camelot films.co.uk www.johnnysachon.com johnny has utilised his knowledge of the industry and film making to produce high quality, daring and unique films. he has established himself very quickly as a forerunner in the upcoming generation of actors and producers. within one year he has produced three films, with a fourth currently in production, as well as five feature films in development. johnny believes that communication, which is one of his strongest assets, plays a huge part of producing when dealing with so many challenges and aspects of a film. known for his single minded determination johnny is a creative force to drive any project. johnny trained at guildford school of acting and has accumulated a range of film and tv credits, appearing as guest lead in bbc’s casualty (2013), directed by bafta and international emmy nominated david tucker, then as series regular in tv drama series deep cuts (2014). other recognised credits include supporting lead in american horror feature rage: midsummer's eve (2012), and the award winning ghosted (2011). director of photography scott sandford http://www.scottsandford.com scott worked his way up as a runner and camera assistant on sets in toronto, canada, before training in photography and becoming a cinematographer. scott brings his wealth of experience in the camera department from a plethora of shorts, commercials, music videos and even feature films. he recently returned from a course at the american society of cinematographers in los angeles, usa, and has a huge passion for equipment. he works mainly with the red family of cameras, due to his passion for high end cinematography and the great work flow that comes with working with the red family of systems. one of the best things about scott is that he's not just the guy in charge of the camera department   he likes to be involved heavily in the planning process with the director, all the way through to the final grade in post production to make sure that we get the best picture possible. associate producers bashford twins http://www.bashfordtwins.com kyle and liam bashford began their directing career at the age of 17, and have since earned multiple awards for their short films including best director at the young independent film and tv awards. operating out of pinewood studios, their recent films have secured worldwide distribution with shorts tv, including smile (2013), which was recently bought at the 66th cannes film festival. in 2014 they were also involved in two further films which are currently screening at various festivals. their most recent short film running on empty (2014) was selected at the london sci fi 48 hour film challenge, being shown to industry professionals including danny boyle. kyle & liam have developed a versatile directing "style" we are heavily influenced by the works of darren aronofsky and sam mendes which they believe is reflected in their own films. they strive to involve the audience, to bring them into the story and go through an emotional journey with the characters as well as be entertained.   we also have a fantastic crew assembled with credits including hollywood movies & british tv series, bbc radio and west end shows . for more information on our crew, please visit us on imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3873236/combined early vfx test shot our goal : we aim to shoot shadows across 4 days in mid september. the end goal is a hollywood quality 20 minute film that grips the viewer from beginning to end. we want our film to be seen and enjoyed by as many people as possible, and as film makers, we hope it will create the opportunity to make feature length films with stories just like this one. so far, everything we've done has been about getting the best result for the screen   from holding auditions to selecting our dop and the equipment like the red epic camera we'll be shooting on, we want to create an immersive experience for our audience. once our beautiful finished film is polished and ready for the big screen, we're going to roll it out to film festivals around the world   where it will be seen by thousands of people on the big screen. once we've completed our festival run, the film will still be available online for wider audiences to enjoy and share. early 3d mothership the central characters: lee , late twenties   is a damaged man, consumed by his fear of being “shadowed”. his parents are currently imprisoned for their campaign against the totalitarian regime and have been sentenced to death. he has become so fearful and obsessive in his avoidance of any potential surveillance that he is living a somewhat reclusive life style, trying to dodge the system. the fate of his parents motivates him to take actions he might otherwise have thought too risky, jess, a childhood friend re found, shares much of his feelings and inspires confidence in him to take things to the next level. a couple   they make a solid team. jess , also late twenties is super confident and an idealist. she's a low level computer hacker and media junkie. she has some daddy issues due to the loss of her father at a young age – who was 'disappeared' by members of a paramilitary police force employed by the state. as a result she compensates sometimes in her interactions with men. lee and jess naturally gravitate towards each other due to their common background and shared goals, but also for companionship and security in dark times. scarlett is lee's sister, and a super hacker and dealer of illicit digital workarounds and other contraband in the new world. she is corrupt and has a complete hatred for the surveillance society. london 2037 costs: the budget that we're asking for will be used for:   as the film is set in the future   props, set dressing, miniatures like the 'mothership' and 'shadow' drones are all incredibly important for the 'look' of the film and being able to work on the cgi in post production.   securing the fantastic locations we desperately need to bring the magic to our scenes we imagined when we wrote the script!   catering and expenses for the key talent and crew; we've got many professional and talented crew bringing along their own (often expensive) equipment to make the film possible, so it's important we make sure they're fed well and can get to the shooting locations without being left out of pocket.   hair and make up for the actors to look their best in the film.   costumes that are right for the time and the characters.   services like spotlight membership for casting actors, and our website hosting that will allow us to distribute the film.   operating costs like permits & public liability insurance. shadows  Jimmy Fraud  examples of previous work: camelot films demoreel: https://vimeo.com/99852826 o trailer: https://vimeo.com/99720154 running on empty short film: https://vimeo.com/100006177 shoe polish trailer: https://vimeo.com/99972168 harvey imperative trailer: http://vimeo.com/101062539 jake short film: https://vimeo.com/39787787 how you can help: any amount you can contribute will definitely help us to reach our goal and make shadows possible. we want to make it worth your while so as well as our eternal gratitude we also have some great rewards for our backers such as an mp3 download of the shadows theme tune produced especially for the film, official shadows posters, shadows baseball hats and t shirts and a 'sneak peak' online screener for your eyes only while we complete a festival run. we also have producer credits and imdb credits up for grabs as well as tickets to the exclusive cast & crew screening of the film. it began as a very determined idea and has gathered incredible momentum. even if you're not in a position to make a pledge yourself, you can still help us by spreading the word about shadows and our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign on social networking sites like facebook and twitter. we really are grateful for your support and can't wait to bring you shadows in 2015. help us make shadows possible. for more information please visit: http://shadowsuk.com you can also connect with us at: https://www.facebook.com/london2037 https://twitter.com/shadowsthemovie risks and challenges the biggest risk is not getting enough money to make the film happen, we can't make a film as ambitious as this out our own pockets as the cost is too big   and we're already pulling a lot of favours! weather conditions for our exterior shoot days are a potential challenge. the uk has notoriously changeable weather and during september it could start to get quite showery, but the crew are used to it and the show will go on regardless! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 