e of the gaming community i have seen it to be the prevailing practice that the common people are doomed to suffer whatever cannibalistic hunger executive men of class happen to desire. bribery, deception, carelessness, impotence, greed, corruption, it doesn’t matter. salesmen of a titanic nature will use all tools at their disposal, both ethical and unethical, to move wealth to their own pockets and the pockets of their constituents. if an immoral path of destruction and chaos must be marched to achieve maximum profit then it is going to be the path most ventured, and the common folk who are crushed underfoot are most prompt to remain buried beneath the weight of their undertakers. for they often lack the means or the passion to commit defiance. but then there is one tribe of consumers which continues to defy the industry it inhabits. they're a critical, principled, and unruly bunch. they're the people who play video games. a ceo of a prominent video game company is far more likely to be held accountable for his word and his promises than any american politician. a rotten business model like the deus ex: augment your preorder scheme is shouted out of existence by video game consumers, but a social media outlet that sustains itself on the marketing of people’s private information is hardly even challenged. it takes the threat of lawsuit and government intervention to get an automobile company to recall a broken product, but when batman: arkham knight is released in a broken, unplayable state, the sheer strength of the consumer's voice and refunds forces warner brothers to fix it without any other outside coercion. it is the people who have the power to change things for the better. their great passion drives them into great action, and in no other industry is this great passion and this great action so prevailing as in the video game industry. it is the responsibility of supergamers.org to unite those passionate customers and turn their unorganized, circumstantial reactions into coordinated, deliberate protest, and it is the responsibility of this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign to expand the capacity of supergamers.org into public use. what is supergamers.org ? supergamers.org is a website that facilitates cyber protest in the video game industry by allowing users to discuss problems within the industry, publish digital petitions directed at various corporate entities, and discuss and vote for possible solutions to those problems. it’s a simple three step process: after a company takes unpopular action, an upset customer posts an online petition on supergamers.org explaining the problem, what company is responsible, and why it’s a problem that should be solved. other equally disgruntled customers sign the petition, share it on social media, and discuss and vote for possible solutions to the problem. they may choose to contact the responsible company, refund money in mass, uplift more honest games, boycott certain products, etc... supergamers.org tracks and keeps users informed on the success of the petition and the protest until it is either successful or unsuccessful. how do corporations manipulate and mistreat their customers? though we could write a novella on all the ways major corporations mistreat customers, we’ll provide a few specific instances that exemplify what consumers are most upset with in the video game industry. assassin's creed: unity (buggy launch) ubisoft is renowned for rushing production and pushing games out the door before they're ready in order to meet certain sales quarters. as a result, ubisoft's games are often plagued with bugs, glitches, and missing content. the most infamous incident was assassin's creed unity which launched with literally countless bugs. it was a game so poor that the subsequent game, assassin's creed: syndicate, had the worst launch sales in the uk in the franchise's history. loyal fans simply gave up and lost faith in a once beloved franchise. watchdogs (corporate dishonesty) yet another ubisoft game, watchdogs was marketed as a stunningly gorgeous open world experience, but what consumers got was a mundane game that appeared to have been visually downgraded from what was presented to the public. ubisoft received a massive amount of backlash for the charade, and to this day, watchdogs's reputation is comical at best. call of duty: infinite warfare (pre order culture) activision's call of duty 4 modern warfare was a game changer for the shooter genre and one of the most popular games of the genre too. since then, the franchise has been milked so much that it might be one of the most loathed franchises in the industry. when activision released the new trailer for infinite warfare and revealed that the $79 "legacy" version of the game would also come with a remastered version of call of duty 4 modern warfare, consumers exploded. they were outraged that the only way they could get the remastered version of the game they actually wanted was to pre order (to give money in advance) for a game they had no interest in. the trailer has received more than two million dislikes and counting. xbox one (everything) to put it as gently, mildly, fairly, and objectively as possible, the xbox one's release was a disaster. microsoft tried to impose unheard of sanctions on customers by demanding that the gaming console always have an internet connection in order to function (which alienated people with poor or no internet), by dismantling people's ability to share games with friends or resell them to vendors, by including undesired extra hardware and coercing customers into using it, and by lacking the graphical power of competing consoles despite being more expensive. these are but a few instances of what occurs all the time in the gaming industry. customers are often able to fight back effectively, but corporations can be sly, persistent, and manipulative. they use hype, deception, lust, enticement, the fear of missing out, and sometimes even bullying in order to coerce angry customers into capitulation rather than choosing to go above and beyond to make customers happy. it can be genuinely depressing to watch a corporation's greed destroy the franchises, characters, stories, and worlds that people love so much and just beat customers to death in order to permanently change their psychology and ethical standards forever. supergamers.org has the great honor of bringing the gaming community together to speak with a unified, powerful voice. until now, consumers have acted independently, and the actions they've taken have been the actions of individuals who just happened to be fighting in the same way for the same cause. if they collaborate and organize at supergamers.org, it is our firm belief that their circumstantial behaviors will evolve into deliberate protest utilized in the most effective fashion possible. thus they will see greater victory at a much greater frequency, and the gaming industry will improve for the better. platform for discussion thoughts generate ideas, but discussion generates great ideas. when supergamers talk about possible solutions, it's a synergistic process where the total sum is worth more than the individual parts. they'll come up with far better solutions together than they will separately. it's important that the crimes of the industry are not shrugged off by consumers. that slowly breeds complacency and submission. the sheer fact that supergamers.org acts as a dedicated platform to discuss those topics can remind consumers of the good fight and encourage them to maintain their ethical standards. encouragement he who defies the beast of business must withstand manipulation, temptation, and coercion. it's a tough fight, and sometimes it demands sacrifice. the force of an unfathomably colossal corporation can muster seemingly infinite resources to crush meager customers while all those meager customers have is integrity. the unity and friendship of the supergamers can encourage them to continue to stand by their principles even in the face of all that might. and the more victorious the supergamers are the more momentous their morale. organization until now, the actions of consumers in the industry have been the actions of individuals of circumstance. but when the supergamers come together to discuss problems, find solutions, and act, they become a deliberate force. they act as a unified, rational, effective body far stronger than any circumstantial mob. supergamers.org allows them to determine when to act, how to act, and how to adjust to changes together. tools for protest the moment a supergamer publishes a petition, the targeted organization should begin to worry, because that petition is immediate, negative publicity. it has the potential to spread to facebook, reddit, twitter, youtube, google, and the rest of the internet. bloggers, critics, and pundits might report on it. the number of supporters can quickly snowball into something massive, and the whole time, the targeted organization's reputation will get dragged through the mud. brotherhood discussion and collaboration builds on a feeling of mutual brotherhood. the bonds of camaraderie and closeness become strengthened when people work together towards a similar goal. the supergamers become more than passionate hobbyists when they come together, partake in discussion, and take action. they become friends, and friends fight for friends much harder than strangers for strangers. why do we need your help on  Jimmy Fraud ? right now supergamers.org is in a prototype beta stage. it still has a few kinks to work out, and some of the site needs some cleaning up and enhancement. about 25% of the campaign funds will help us hire extra staff to work with the coding and functions as well as reinforce the site's programming to handle larger crowds of users without getting bogged down or cluttered. the team has allotted 10% of campaign funds for promotional purposes on youtube, google, facebook, and other social media outlets. it's critical that the site's database storage be upgraded. under a single, shared server, our site has trouble handling thousands of hits per day. we can solve these capacity problems by transitioning our site over to a cloud based virtual network. without getting too technical, this will give the website elastic capacity (which basically just means the site will automatically adjust the hardware it utilizes according to what the site needs). amazon web services (aws) provides the most popular form of this particular service. by taking advantage of aws cloud technology, we'll also be taking advantage of amazon's pre established infrastructure and resources. any money in excess of our original goal will absolutely help us sustain the site in the long run, keep it ad free, expand our services based on community suggestions and ideas, and improve our existing services as well. though the web team keeps the site up and running as efficiently and effectively as possible, it truly is a public good belonging to the everyday people who use and support it. you can also track our progress at http://kickingitforward.org budget who exactly is a part of the web team? honestly, we're not much to look at. we're just three, overly optimistic, college weirdos who have this absurd notion that we can change the course of a global, multi billion dollar industry by uniting the gaming community and fighting for the things we're passionate about. at the very least, we have a lot of heart. matteen mansoori is our all purpose, front end manager. he's responsible for moderating the site, making daily checks for bugs or crashes, answering people's questions, and other various "little" things. he really loves being a part of this project, and he's always eager to help out in any way he can (even if just to organize the meetings). he's majoring in industrial and organizational psychology. timothy talbot is our database administrator and our back end manager. he makes certain everything is functioning correctly in the site's programming, that our software is up to date and compatible, that our databases are not overburdened or cluttered, and that our cloud resources are partitioned properly. he's a computer science major at western kentucky state university. i'm jonnie canady , and i'm the original creator of supergamers.org. i fully believe in this idea, this website, this team, and the common people who might benefit from it all. i steer the ship, make and design the website, write the scripts, do all the marketing, handle finances, and plan, plan, plan, and plan some more. i'm a business administration major and intend to use that degree to follow my conscience and make the world a better place. what are the reward tiers? for just $1 , the team will send you a personal tweet showing our gratitude, and your name will be memorialized on the website's official thank you page (unless you'd prefer to remain anonymous). for $15 , you'll receive all of the above, and you'll receive an invitation to the first ever supergamers tournament to be held january 7th and january 14th. we'll be playing super smash brothers for the wii u as well as overwatch, and everything will be facilitated online for you to enjoy from the comfort of home. for $25 , you'll receive all of the above, and you'll receive two exclusive posters, one of which will include a photo of you alongside photos of all the other backers who contributed this amount or more. your photo will also be displayed on the official thank you page to show the world that you are an original super gamer!!! for $50 , you'll receive all of the above, and you'll be included in a special youtube video involving tony maroni (the ceo character in the  Jimmy Fraud  video) and the rest of the web team. all you need is skype or a phone of some sort, and it's show time! these videos are always a ton of fun to make! for $100 , you'll receive everything: the personalized tweet, your name will appear on the website's official thank you page, you'll be invited to the supergamers tournament, you'll receive two exclusive posters, you'll be included in a video, and you'll be known as a legendary supergamer . the team will create a special super hero identity for you along with a unique mask (crafted by our grateful team) to symbolize your power and status. as a legendary supergamer, you'll have vip access to all supergamers community events and tournaments in the future, and your account, name, and picture on the supergamers.org thank you page will be upgraded to legendary status to show the world that you go above and beyond to fight for what you're passionate about. risks and challenges disunity   though our team is confident that the people can enact the change they desire, it still takes incredible dedication and cooperation to see that change fulfilled. if supergamers.org fails to draw a large enough crowd or if the supergamers lack the necessary determination, any action might be in vain. this is truly our team's biggest concern above all others. overpopulation   this is also the first website our team has launched on this scale. we've worked with small numbers of users, but we've never had to work with hundreds or thousands of users at one time. we've studied and read about capacity problems to an obsessive degree, but we can always be surprised by what reality brings. distribution   depending on how popular this campaign is, making certain that all the rewards get shipped in a timely fashion to all the correct locations can be quite difficult. the tournament might involve hundreds of people, and we're going to have to make sure that we can communicate with all those people reliably and provide various stats, schedules, and brackets to them. sustainability   it will also be a challenge to account for future funding. the amount of money we raise in this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign can help us launch off the ground for the first few months, but we'll need a steady source of income to sustain the website and its services in the long run. i would just like to thank everyone for taking the time to read about our little project. i've put a great deal of effort into this. i've committed countless hours of labor. i've meticulously researched and studied for this as much as possible. i've gone just that little extra step further again and again. i've had to throw everything out and start from scratch several times over. and i've chosen to be different and stand out despite the unknown risks involved. i've had to force myself beyond my limits, and looking back at all the toil, all the hardship, all the frustration, all the pressure, all the failure, all the helplessness i've overcome, i have become a proud man. thank you from the bottom of my heart just for giving me your time. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 