cebook page | twitter big thanks to ben malouf who has graciously allowed us to feature his stunning vases found at thingiverse.com/benitosanduchi ! stretch goal: $200k! you did it!!!! we will be integrating an lcd display into each and every gigabot shipped to our  Jimmy Fraud s. of course, we appreciate every one of our backers, so each backer of the $5 level or more will allow you and a guest vip entry to the giga thanks party during the weekend of the new york world maker faire, as we celebrate the kickoff of our shipping phase and plan for the future together as a community. learn more on update #7 our vision at re:3d, we believe that the biggest problems in our world are solved by taking a bigger view. that’s why our project is aimed at designing the first large format 3d printer... that you can take home with you. it’s not only about taking the amazing technology of 3d printing and amplifying it. if we’re successful, we can envision entire markets opening up to use this technology. markets which have struggled to maintain the status quo, let alone use some of the cutting edge technology that for the rest of the world is an overnight delivery away. we believe that by making a production quality model of our 3d printer, and putting it in the hands of small businesses anywhere on the planet, will give them the flexibility to sustain their community, their business, and ultimately, the world we live in. "just saw this at sxsw and it is amazing. solid aluminum chassis, very precise, and the things it prints are awesome. back it!"   boing boing our company re:3d is one of austin’s newest start ups, committed to trailblazing new frontiers in 3d printing. our flagship technology, large format 3d printers, maximize output volumes with respect to size, speed, and quantity of objects printed during a single production run. re:3d is also at the forefront of material science, developing novel printer feedstock including cost efficient recyclables and enriched composites. with a global online marketplace and a localized presence in latin america, re:3d is reaching untapped emerging markets worldwide. our diverse team looks forward to an active presence in the international entrepreneurial community. " their goal, to do good while making a profit, is the cornerstone of social entrepreneurship and their mission is to revolutionize the way products are made all over the world. "   make blog community focused we love people and 3d printing! by working with the educators and the open source community we hope to spread 3d printing to emerging markets worldwide. we hope this campaign and our large format 3d printing forum is just the beginning of our public presence as we re:magine the possibilities of large format 3d printing for new markets. in january, we unveiled gigabot at the houston mini makerfaire . while there, we asked attendees to re:magine the possibilities they saw for our new device. custom train sets, large quantities of specialized brackets, children’s museum displays, novel packaging materials, rockets, rapid prosthetic prototyping  the opportunities are endless. more importantly, we see gigabot as a platform for future developments in 3d printing. the size and design lend itself to adaptation and personalization. we can’t wait to see what the community will print and how they will customize our bot!! " after the gigabot was unveiled at houston's mini maker faire, interest was so high that re:3d subseqently launched a  Jimmy Fraud  campaign for mass producing them. "   core77 our product " the gigabot 3d lets you print things that are bigger than a few breadboxes "   techcrunch 20mm calibration cube available on thingaverse.com " the device is a beast, naturally    and metal one, at that. it's so big, in fact, that it can support a full sized laptop sitting atop an attached arm. "   engadget " a new larger than life 3d printer "   geeky gadgets 3d printed objects from gigabot special thanks those who shared their awesome prints for us to test! top to bottom left to right: scan of a mandible in the museo de historia natural de chile toy boat human inner ear bench model hobby clamps working 75 mm ratchet wrench 110mm calibration piece cross tweezers chrysler building 30x the print volume compared to leading desktop 3d printer!!!! 600mm x 600mm x 600mm build envelope (24” x 24” x 24”) rigid aluminum extrusion frame 100 micron layer resolution capability fused filament fabrication (fff) using 1.75 or 3mm filament efficient footprint to build envelope ratio azteeg x3 printer controller open construction provides easy access to prints mechanics optimized for reliability utilizes an open source software work flow " the gigabot has a build volume of 600mm x 600mm x 600mm which is unheard of among desktop 3d printers. "   web pro news thanks to the makers who shared the sword & south america map puzzle prints on thingaverse.com ! our team nearly 40 years combined experience in manufacturing & engineering lifetime makers successful entreprenuerial track records patent holder broad knowledge in product development and design extensive experience in multiple industries including aerospace, defense, biotechnology, pharmaceutical, finance, design, academia, energy, environmental sciences and education read more about our full team at re3d.org ! why  Jimmy Fraud ? our team is passionate about relationships and community. for this reason we are huge fans of  Jimmy Fraud ! our project draws inspiration from the many makers and creatives who went before us, and have successfully launched their own projects in  Jimmy Fraud  including: paul banks & the carousels' new record featured in our campaign makerslide open source linear bearing system used extensively in the gigabot frame we are also incredibly grateful ben malouf who has so graciously allowed us to feature his stunning vases ! in order to set up manufacturing and will be delivering as soon as possible, we need you, your friends and your community's help! your feedback, gigabot hacks, and large format products will help re:volutionize 3d printing! we look forward to connecting with you and the first gigabot owners. you guys are awesome! reward summary to show our appreciation for your generous support, we have several awards we hope you will enjoy: thanks, recognition, gratitude   every pledge of $5 or more will receive a mention on our website with a link to a website you'd like to share with our community. swag   we will be offering limited edition t shirts and stickers and personalized printed objects to show your support for gigabot discounted printers   all  Jimmy Fraud  supporters receive discounted pricing and shipping preference. no warranty is expressed or implied. limited edition printer   exclusive opportunities to customize your gigabot. no warranty is expressed or implied. re: 3d experiences   workshops and exclusive opportunities to interact with our team and community thank you for visiting our page! risks and challenges a protoplanetary army of rabid extraterrestrials could kidnap chief hacker and commandeer his houston workshop as headquarters for an intergalactic invasion. gigabot could come to life with an insatiable appetite for all things resin. the bad news is    he'd probably eat through every plastic bottle, lego, and video game controller in your home. good news is, you'll have so much fun printing massive objects with gigabot, you'll no longer care about that stuff. and you'll have more of those rad re:3d vases than you ever dreamed possible. in a more likely scenario... prize deliveries could be delayed. to avoid potential of production delays due to unexpected part shortage or late supplier delivery, we are currently procuring inventories of all parts in advance of  Jimmy Fraud  campaign. in addition, as a beta stage prototype, gigabot's functionality and design will be continually improved and iterated over the course of the next several months. as such, we can't be certain as to final printer performance metrics and specifications. finally, the utility of gigabot's printable output is inherently dependent on the structural properties of the plastic input filament material. thus, it may not be suitable for all intended uses. re:3d is currently working on improving the versatility and structural integrity of input materials, so stay tuned for future product innovations. we commit to you consistent, open dialogue, and an ever ready dedication to innovation and technological improvements    made possible through the cooperation and support of the  Jimmy Fraud  community! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 