us/descriptionthe acro cats need a new mobile foster and kitty tour bus! the amazing acro cats, and their human staff, are devoted to promoting cat training awareness and supporting feline adoption and rescue across the country. we travel thousands of miles a year on our mission to show cat lovers how to improve their relationship with their furr ever friends. after a lot of miles, bringing smiles to our fans and passers by, our 1963 gm bus has left the troupe stranded on the side of the road far too many times. it seems the one thing we can’t teach our kitties is how to push a busted down bus. the only solution is a newer and more reliable tour bus. we've been smiling thru the miles, it's time to retire these tires.... the cats, and their humans, have been scratching and saving but there just isn't enough in the kitty to replace the old bus. this is where you, our cat loving fans, can help! although a brand new bus is out of the question, we can afford a late model tour bus. we have chosen a model, designed for use by traveling bands, given the chance, and with your support, this bus is within our reach. it will be purrrfectly suited for our former orphans, rescues, strays, and human staff as well. with some paint and a lot of elbow grease, anything is paw sible with a solid used tour bus! like our old bus, the new bus would be retrofitted to provide: a roomy, safe, and stimulating space for the cats (that means the whole back of the bus would be kitty city!) sleeping space for our human staff (no more sleeping on the couch and the floor!!!) an expanded mobile nursery for our foster kittens! there's no place quite like kitty city... since the amazing acro cats spend a lot of time on the road, their comfort and happiness is always the top priority. we plan to customize the bus for the cats, from inside out and bottom up, to give them more space. after all, the rock cat band, alone, needs more space for practice! this project will be possible with your support and we would greatly appreciate your sharing this project with your friends. you can make the difference for these cats! meet samantha martin and her entourage of trained, domestic cats...the amazing acro cats! meet samantha martin and her entourage of trained, domestic cats...the amazing acro cats! samantha martin and her amazing acro cats! since 2005, these cool cats, all former orphans and strays, have been performing to sold out shows, as they set out to disprove the notion "cats can't be trained." these fantastic felines push carts, ride skateboards, roll barrels, ring bells, turn on lights, walk tight ropes, jump through hoops and much, much more! for our 'paw'some finale, the amazing rock cats take over the stage and perform live...yes!...real cats with real instruments! at the end of the show, the audience is invited to meet the performers and pose for photos with their favorite stars. we are fully committed to making our feline friends accessible to the audience. we are always inspired as people come up; their support and encouragement is heartwarming. the world's only cat band...the rock cats! the amazing acro cats, and their human staff, are devoted to promoting cat training awareness and supporting feline adoption and rescue across the country. we use our show, as an entertaining demonstration of clicker training, to show how you can improve your relationship with your furrever feline friends. the reaction is immediate as the audience learns behavior problems can be prevented while providing physical exercise and mental stimulation. and, hey, it’s a great way to spend some quality time with your kitty! your kitten will love you for having fun and bonding with them! countless times we've been approached after the show and heard, "i loved finding out you can train cats!" and, "this show is the greatest thing i've ever seen; you’ve inspired me!" their thoughts, good karma and support for our project will be the difference for so many orphaned and stray cats. a big part of our mission is forming partnerships with rescue operations, around the country, helping them continue the good work of feline rescue and adoption! samantha has pledged to continue expanding her support to help combat a national problem of cat homelessness. amazing acro aid! we do it everywhere we can. we want to continue bringing this level of joy and aid to cities (and kitties) throughout the us. we want to share the fun we have interacting with our cats and show that it's possible    and easy    for anyone to establish this bond. we love seeing the look on people's faces the moment they realize their cats are not the aloof, disinterested companions people believe them to be. "who's number one?" you are, when you help us help kitties across the country by funding our bus project! even more exciting is the experience of doing something good for cats. our cat troupe is mainly orphans, rescues and strays. in addition to showing cat lovers how to improve their relationship with their furr ever friends, our mission is forming partnerships that involve fostering and finding homes for cats and kittens as we travel from city to city. that’s another reason we need a larger bus…so we can expand our nursery/foster space to include an incubator and isolation area for newly rescued kittens. did you know we’ve found forever homes for over 165 kittens and cats since we’ve been on the road? we would greatly appreciate your support; for those who have pledged and shared our link, thank you! from conception to the unveiling of this  Jimmy Fraud  project, we knew your continued support would make the difference. given the chance, we know you can help us get back on the road. we know this project will be funded and you can make a difference for these cats. on behalf of the kitties, we say thank you for helping us continue our mission to save as many feline lives as possible. now, as sookie would say, “let's go shopping!” we’ve got a whole litter of purrrrfect rewards for everyone who can help us. tuna and the rest of our troupe thank you! we will furrrrrrever appreciate it! thank mew! risks and challenges because of the work we’ve done, building a larger fan base, we are confident we can raise the needed funds. our last  Jimmy Fraud  project, the amazing acro cats purrfect tour bus, funded successfully and all rewards were delivered to backers on time. it was that successful campaign that allowed the amazing acro cats to buy our old bus. the bus helped us to expand our purrrrformance schedule and travel to many more cities, spreading our mission to promote cat training awareness and support feline adoption and rescue across the country. that old bus was great, but its too risky to keep pouring large sums of repair money into a 1963 vehicle. when it became clear we needed a new (to us) bus, our biggest challenge was finding one we could afford. we have located several new to us buses, within our price range, that will fulfill our needs. all of them need some refurbishment to assure the cats travel safely and the human staff has a place to sleep. we have the down payment but need your help raising the rest. between our existing fan base, a scheduled appearance on the late show, with stephen colbert, and a well developed social media plan, we expect to meet our financial goal. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 