 i have always loved orrerys, i find them fascinating, captivating and compulsive. i have wanted to own one for my whole adult life. unfortunately, beautifully crafted brass orrerys created by very talented engineers take months of work and command price tags that are simply eye watering. as long as i have wanted to own one i have simultaneously realised that it is very unlikely i would ever be able to afford to do so. i decided at the end of 2016 to take a gamble and buy a 3d printer and see if it was possible to design and make an orrery myself. i also decided that rather than copy someone else's work that i wanted to add features that have never before been attempted in a mechanical orrery, more about that below. i was not overly optimistic, i have whilst working on a previous project a few years ago experimented with a first generation 3d printer and found that the example prints used for advertising purposes are mostly empty space for a good reason. usually, the demo piece is an eiffel tower or concentric spheres. if you try to print a large solid piece you end up with a lump of plastic that curls up off the print bed and gets in the way of the print head or successive layers delaminate and the object just falls apart. because of my doubts i was cautious and i bought the cheapest printer available. to say that improvements have been made since the first 3d printers is a massive understatement. this printer has done everything i asked of it with very little complaint. however, that is not to say that all is well and life is good! most brass orrerys use parts that are machined to an accuracy that allows cogs to be positioned directly on top of each other and around shafts with just a film of grease to counter friction. the surface of a 3d printed part is not quite as smooth so throughout the design of my orrery i have had to separate the printed cogs from each other or the supporting structure. this has resulted in a complexity that tradition orrery designers don't have to deal with. every surface the plastic cogs touch in my model have the friction controlled by using bearings. there are roller bearings between the cogs and the shafts they rotate on and thrust bearings between the cogs and the support structure they sit on. also whereas professional metalwork cnc tools will machine parts to hundredths of a millimetre accuracy and can cut teeth with perfectly sharp edges a 3d printer is squirting out plastic from a 0.4mm nozzle so parts that in the cad drawing should mesh together perfectly with just a tiny gap end up being printed too small or too large as the printer does the best job it can of converting the drawing to a pattern of 0.4mm stripes. some of the parts in the current build of the orrery have been adjusted and reprinted six or seven times. so as i said earlier the orrery that i have designed has some features that as far as i am aware are unusual or unique. these are: 1. it's made of plastic! does this mean it looks cheap and nasty? i don't think so. i think that the textured surface that the 3d printing process creates gives the individual parts an interesting, organic, steampunk look. the one limitation of the entry level 3d printer i have used is that it uses chipped filament spools limiting the choice of filament to those produced by the manufacturer so that the parts in the prototype have had to be spray painted. if the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is successful i will be purchasing a batch of higher end 3d printers that are not restricted to the manufacturers own brand of consumable so that i can use a filament that contains microscopic metallic beads in the plastic so that the printed parts will have a genuine metallic quality. 2. it is incredibly accurate at least as accurate as any other orrery available. this was of the utmost importance to me. whereas orrerys generally show the relative movement of the planets you have no idea how accurately, or if their current position indicates some potential real representation of a particular date or is perhaps a position that will never be achieved in reality. my orrery will show the position of the planets at a particular date. for that to continue to be true as the orrery turns it needs to be accurate. to achieve this accuracy the design of the orrery was entirely form following function. quite often orrerys are designed with the cogs in two columns with the cogs on the main shaft having a uniform number of teeth. even if this is a large number it will result in inaccuracy. if you had 100 teeth and you wished to reduce the gearing by a factor of three you would have to use a ratio 100 : 33 so you have achieved 33% instead of 33.33 ... an error of 1%. that doesn't sound very much, but would mean that a planet driven by that cog would be out of position by a full orbit every hundred years. by using cogs with ratios that best suit the desired ratios rather than being concerned with how the orrery will look the least accurate orbit is that of mercury it has an error or 0.0000562% or approximately 0.84 degrees in 1000 years (there are planets with larger percentage errors, but they are orbiting far slower so the error will accumulate far more slowly. also see footnote. and having done this the result is cogs of all sorts of sizes and numbers of teeth which rather than stacking i have arranged spiralled around a central column. i believe this adds to the organic, steampunk look. 3. it's computer controlled traditionally orrerys are turned by hand crank, more recently some have been produced that are driven by electric motor. this orrery is driven by a digital stepper motor controlled by a raspberry pi micro computer. as well as controlling the stepper motor the raspberry pi drives a 5" lcd touch screen that will display the current date that the orrery is representing with controls to advance, reverse or go to a specific date. the screen will also display astronomical information relevant to the displayed date from a database contained by the raspberry pi. do you want to know where the planets were when you were born, or when you met your partner or on a historical event, just enter the date on the touch screen and watch history roll back. want to know when the best time to view mars with a pair of binoculars will next occur just let the orrery roll forward and the screen will let you know. 4. the mars transit orrerys have been about for a few hundred years. they are a celebration of our understanding of the mechanics of the solar system. since the earliest orrerys were constructed we have as well as increasing our understanding of the solar system been actively exploring it for over half a century with both spacex and nasa suggesting that a manned mission to mars will be possible within a decade or so. again, being fascinated with space flight i thought that this deserved celebrating in a mechanical orrery so all the orrerys listed here include a mars transfer orbit showing how a vehicle could travel from the earth to mars and return. as you would expect authenticity being paramount this is not just a spaceship arbitrarily rotating around between earth and mars. the orrery accurately models the mechanics of a hohmann transit orbit. this is the most energy efficient means of travelling between bodies in the solar system. in short, earth because it is closer to the sun orbits faster than mars, earth orbits the sun in 1 year, mars in approximately 1.88. in order to travel from earth to mars you would launch from earth when it is behind mars by 44 degrees at an orbital speed between that of earth and mars so that the vehicle falls slowly behind the earth, but catches up with mars. you arrive at the same point as mars after travelling through 180 degrees. this presented quite a complex mechanical challenge, the ideal time to launch a vehicle occurs approximately every 2.13353 years, the period of time between consecutive alignments of earth and mars (earth has completed 2.13353 orbits and mars 1.13353 orbits) so the transit vehicles have to rotate at that speed to be in the correct starting positions for their journey. however, they also have to rotate with an orbital period of approximately 1.41 years (the speed needed to travel from earth to mars). the solution to needing two different rotation rates was to use a toothed eccentric cam, so that the transit vehicles speed up when they are "in flight", then slow down and drop back to their start positions when not in flight. the orrery models the most efficient hohmann transfer orbit which results in a journey time of approximately 8.5 months each way and a stay on mars of approximately 454 days. this is not the only way to do it, just the most fuel efficient, and it is very likely that the first manned mission to mars would not be planned to require a stay of 454 days, if anyone at spacex or nasa wants to send me planned mission timings i will try to adjust the orrery to match. more details of the hohmann transfer orbit can be found here . so, why  Jimmy Fraud , what are we raising funds for, how long will i have to wait? why  Jimmy Fraud ? quite simple, to make the orrery the way that i would like to in quantity involves investing in a reasonable amount of manufacturing capability and i have no idea if my desire for a solar system accurate orrery made from 3d printed metal / plastic is something that anyone else wants to own. i think it is beautiful and fascinating but i have no idea if anyone else will agree. what are we raising funds for? 3d printers are slow. really, really slow! very, very impressive but really, really slow. i know i repeated myself there, and it is not a criticism of my 3d printer. they are intended as prototyping or hobbyist tools in which case they are very quick and cheap compared to sending a cad model off to be manufactured by a third party, getting a model back, amending it... but they are not intended for bulk manufacture. the parts required for this orrery take between 1 and 10 hours to print, about 3 hours on average, and there are over 100 parts. that means running a printer for a full two months assuming a normal working week. the funds raised through  Jimmy Fraud  would be used (assuming the minimum amount requested is raised) to buy ten 3d printers so that a set of parts for an orrery can be produced in about 4 days rather than 2 months. also, 3d printers come in a variety of types, the main two are fdm and sla. fdm stands for fused deposition modelling and is the acronym for the process that is employed by the printer that i have used to produce the prototype and means in simple terms a printer that squirts melted plastic. sla stands for stereo lithograthy which is a process of fusing a liquid resin into a solid using a laser. it has the advantage of much higher resolution but sla printers are much more expensive. the intention is to purchase one sla printer to print the parts that need the finest detail, the orbiters, the right angle joints for the steel rods and a couple of the smaller cogs in order to increase their detail and reduce friction. if more orrerys are sold then the funds will be used to scale up the manufacturing capability proportionately. how long will i have to wait? the orrery pictured here is a prototype, everything works, but there are improvements i want to make in order to make the orrery more rigid, reduce friction and make it quicker to assemble. with eleven 3d printers i can produce a prototype in about a week so i estimate that all the design refinement will take about one month instead of the year it has taken to get this far. the software on the raspberry pi that controls the orrery is currently a simple app to start and stop it. i intend to develop a full graphic application with a built in database of astronimical events. i estimate that will take two months. after three months i will be producing production orrerys so depending on the number of orders placed deliveries will commence within four to six months from the end of the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign. finally, for those questioning my sanity due to the reward names, they are all the names of space vessels from the culture series of science fiction novels by iain m banks , a fantastically talented, and very sadly, no longer with us british (scottish) author. i know that this has been done before by a company that i have already mentioned above, but it seemed like an excellent precedent to follow. if you choose to select a custom colour scheme for your orrery buy purchasing the reward "shoot them later" the colours that can be selected are shown below. notes: 1. please note that the mars transit orrerys are intended primarily as pieces of art. the accuracy stated is the amount that the orrery will drift over time. the initial position will be set as accurately as possible, but may be a degree or so out. we strongly recommend that you do not use the mars transit orrery for planning journeys around the solar system. 2. the dimensions of the orreys are as follows: 3. when delivered, the orrerys will require a very small amount of assembly. the main shaft and gearing will be pre assembled with planetry arms down to earth attached. this will need to be fixed to the base with six screws. the base will have the motor, computer and display already attached. the arms for the planets from mars outwards will need to be pushed into place. risks and challenges a prototype of the orrery has been built and works exactly as it should. during the design and build process i have identified ways that it can be improved in strength, reduction of friction and simplicity of construction. i have not built a final model using the improved parts as using a single printer it is too slow a process. the prototype shown on this page is the second full build with some individual parts being printed and redesigned six or seven times. it took almost a year to get this far. however with ten fdm printers and 1 sla printer for the small detailed parts i can construct a further one or two prototypes required to finalise the design within a couple of weeks. i have complete confidence in the orrery model itself. the only challenge that i may face is if the orrery is very popular, there is a limit to how many i can construct on my own (however many printers i buy) within a reasonable amount of time. the solutions that i have in mind are as follows: if i sell about 10   20 orrerys, the minimum to meet the goal, i will buy 10 fdm printers and 1 sla printer and produce the orrerys myself. if i sell about 20   200 orrerys, i will scale up the printer purchasing and hire a few staff to assist with the build. if i sell more than 200 orrerys i will have to accept that 3d printing is not a viable way to go. the orrery parts will be injection moulded by an outside company, although to keep the textured look of the 3d printed parts a texturing would be designed into the cad model for each part. also to keep the metalic look of the model i would be looking at either injection moulding using the metal filled pla plastic mentioned previously or electro plating the plastic pieces. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 