eveloped based on the successfully funded glidearm i on  Jimmy Fraud  which had several release updates; currently, the glidearm i’s version is v4 with stabilized structure and being sold to users. and the backers should pay special attention to the fact that the glidearm has already been verified by users because many ideas, but certainly not all, on this platform are sugarcoated prototypes that may not work properly unlike the glidearm. the glidearm ii combines linear and panning mounts into a single camera mount with increased payload from 2.2lbs to 4.5lbs. in addition upgraded in various parts. filmed most scenes of a short film titled "the old" using the glidearm ii prototype with a sony fs700r camera.(click image to linked youtube movie) specification and features 4x extention compact design the folding 2 step design allows the slider to be 2.44”(w) x 9.33”(l) x 4.93(h)” while expanding up to 4 times its size. while most camera sliders are marked by the length of the rails, the glidearm has a total motion of exactly 27.52” from end to end. linear motion and auto follow motion two types of motions are possible with the glidearm ii. simply mount your camera on top of the glidearm ii and with a turn of a single hand dial, you can switch the motion between linear and auto follow modes without the need to unmount the camera. i designed, a whole new switching mechanism(idea from the manual transmission in the automobile), that works through a single mechanical system. using the linear mode linear motion fixes the camera to a single direction while moving across the length of the glidearm. the total distance that the camera travels across using the glidearm ii is 27.5 inches. using the follow mode in follow mode, the distance between the camera and the subject is kept at 3 feet by rotating left and right at 22.5 degrees from a fixed point on the glidearm ii. strong and light weight i chose to use a timing belt system for the folding mechanism. this system, which is widely used in the industry, is strong, flexible, and simple. the glidearm has 3 sets of timing belts which work in conjunction with 5 aluminum pulleys. the frame of the glidearm consists of aluminum plates. with a thickness of 3t, it is fastened with 28aluminum tubes and 56 stainless steel bolts to make a joint. the frame plate, joint tubes, and timing belt pulleys are made of hard anodized aluminum, making them much stronger than untreated aluminum. the glidearm was designed using 3d cad and produced through software simulation for 16 various prototypes. after many beta tests, the present design was completed, optimized and simple. through rigorous technical researches, the glidearm has no plastic components and is solidly built while weighing in at a little over 2 pounds. top quality parts and hand made process glidearm is made with the highest quality parts, making it durable and reliable. the core component of the glidearm is the axis module, made up of 12 bearings and shafts. the main pulley was precision manufactured from custom, hand lathered shafts, 12 steel ball bearings. the timing belt is a mitsuboshi product made in japan. replaced core pulley and shaft parts from steel to high stainless steel, as parts of the upgraded glidearm ii. each of the parts were carefully chosen to meet the strict industrial standards. in addition, the logo characters are cnc engraved and will never erase. in the work process of glidearm, most of the components are directly manufactured, refined, and assembled manually, and then it is inspected with the highest level of care. precision and smooth movement are only possible through this work. available motorized module a motorized module was invented and intended only for the glidearm, efficient and simple, it is designed for easy attachment on the glidearm body. test of the glidearm with mot module prototype in field.(click image to linked youtube movie) the motorized module uses a universal 12v dc geared motor. it is connected to an open source based controller so the advanced motion time lapse function can be used. available earlymoco system *the earlymoco system is not included in the funding reward level. the earlymoco system links the glidearm ii to the dragonframe software to allow the control and productions of advanced motion control and stop motion animations. this system utilizes a 4 channel configuration to regulate glidearm’s movements, camera’s focus, zoom, and an auxiliary port.in addition, the earlymoco system supports the ps4 dualshock controller's software. new ez mot kit the new ez motorized module kit is based on an open source that allows for the use of advanced motion timelapse. while operating the glidearm manually, simply switch to the motorized module by using a single button system, the ez motorized module can be installed within seconds without the need of unmounting the camera. the motor mount part in ez mot module is the precise machine made from high stainless steel material. this module kit utilizes simplistic and intuitive dc geared motor and a verified open source based controller. the timetrack circuit is a remodified version of the original dynamic perception’s mx2 dolly engine. timetrack controller has the flexibility when it comes to maintenance because of the open source based circuit system, and enclosure made from high strength aluminum. the open source timelapse engine created and shared by dynamic perception has already been verified by many of world timelapsers. (same software in mx2, but redesigning shield ) *the re artworked shield source is provided on my github profile in the link below, (i want to thank the original developer jay burlage from dynamic perception. and according to the open source gpl license policy, i have stated the original author and distributed the modified version) source download link to a my github *because some components of the original version were discontinued and expensive, especially the dual optocoupler, new parts have been substituted in that are easier to find and cheaper. this advanced motion timelapse movie was created by using my diy timelapse dolly (the same timelapse engine and a 6ft detachable type rail) in 2012. click image to linked movie. using simplified design, minimized structure, open source based circuit, and widely used outer dc 12v power source, the motorized module kit is easy to maintenance and has excellent durability. these characteristics may seem insignificant compared to application controlled solutions, but for professionals who produce advanced motion timelapse in extreme conditions like capturing aurora or stars, i believe that this method has its own merits. *the motorized module is specialized in motion timelapse which uses a low geared motor. utilizing it in real time is possible; however, the speed of the motor will be very slow. *if you already own a controller for a dc motor or if you are planning to make your own circuit by open source, i recommend the “glidearm ii t kit reward” level instead of the “glidearm ii t bundle kit”. earlymoco system earlymoco system connects the glidearm with the dragonframe software to precisely control 4 different channels; the glidearm’s movement, camera lens’ focus, zoom, and an auxilary rig. this allows for the utilization and production of stop motion animation and advanced motion control. the earlymoco system consists of an open source based circuit that supports the dragonframe’s software, earlymoco module, and a stepper motor module that connects to the glidearm. additionally, a bluetooth wireless module is included in the system to connect with playstaion4 console game machine's dualshock 4 controller. using the dualshock 4 controller, the users can maneuver 3 axes (or 4 channels) wirelessly at the same time. *the earlymoco system is not included in the funding reward level, but if the funding becomes successful, the system will be released. currently, the development has been finished and the software releases are continuing. product package package included glidearm ii m 1x glidearm ii 1x quick installation guide sheet package box and buffer foam glidearm ii t 1x glidearm ii t 1x quick installation guide sheet 1x ez motorized module package box and buffer foam glidearm ii t bundle kit 1x glidearm ii t 1x quick installation guide sheet 1x ez motorized module 1x timetrack timelapse controller 1x camera shutter release cable for cannon 5d series 1x extend shutter release cable package box and buffer foam glidearm ii m is different design than glidearm ii t version.(not compartible with mot module) the need to battery to do mot module, but not included battery this packages.(it's easy find '12v battery lithium ion' in amazon.) we're offered service part to one camera shutter release cable in a glidearm ii t kit package, that's for cannon 5d series. if you case by uses other camera, you have to use the shutter release cable for other cameras. you can easy available too in the market to a release cable for each cameras. *the battery is unfortunately restricted items by ems air shipping. reward levels i'm always grateful for the glidarm 1 backers, so i'll custom marking service for their(glidearm i backer among those this project backer is please send me 'marking contents' by message   possible only in character 15 limit) *note: i can't custom marking service about the early bird reward, because already finished machining parts. manufacturing glidearm ii has low price yet more functions batter than older glidearm. we've been trying to focus the low cost and high quality by optimization process after glidearm project; the result of collaboration with excellent subcontractor in korea. currently, the manufacturing infrastructure of south korea is advanced enough to support a stable manufacturing process. the relrease information of a glidearm *release 1.0~2.0 is glideam  Jimmy Fraud  version. release2.xx (glidearm pro) upgraded body frame plate from thickness 3/32” to 1/8”.(enhance bending strength) added 8 support pins.(enhance torsional rigidity) changed center pulley part from aluminum to high steel.(enhanced shaft fatigue strength) redesigned joint bearing module for fix vertical clearance. added sim ring parts(more smooth move and tight clearance) the payload up from 2.2lbs to 3.7lbs. release3.xx (glidearm v3) changed all bearing to [a] grade bearing(made in japan) and the modificated design axis module for better movement and stability. changed anodized lathe machining support aluminum pins and the light weight open type body frame. added a belt tensioner for adjust of the precisely movement. changed to easy type fix knob module. changed to detachable silicon rubber bumper. available the motorized kit.(advanced motion timelapse controller) the payload up from 3.7lbs to 4lbs release4.xx (glidearm v4) redesigned pulley parts and axis module for the high load. changed the joint module parts to optimized for high load. changed support pins to high load type. the payload up from 4lbs to 4.5lbs release of the glidearm ii combined linear and panning two different mounts into a single camera mount. changed the camera mount type from 1/4” to 3/8” (stantdard mount ball head) changed the support pins from 24 to 28. replaced the core pulley and shaft parts from steel to high stainless steel. redesigned to motorized system from detachable type to the ez swap system. available the earlymoco motion control system. other issues the glidearm is a camera gear that uses with a tripod. a tripod is not included. the glidearm's range of movement is not directly proportional to speed. this is due to its unique structure, and is shown with the end result of a soft start/end. risks and challenges the glidearm is structured horizontally and designed to be affixed when used. though it is possible to affix it at various angles, you must understand how to control the friction knob as well as the range of your camera.(i recommend as possible to small load than max payload in this case.) because the glidearm is based on a joint structure, there are limits to using larger cameras. it is the same as extending out your arm and lifting a heavy object. though you could use a camera that is heavier than the recommended weight, there is a possibility of shaking or tilt due to tension. especially, after combining the motorized module to use the timelapse sms mode, the shaking can increase. to counter this side effect, use and increase the “delay time” setting to increase the time before each shot in the timelapse engine. in other words, utilizing this method, movement, stabilization, and shoot, users can produce a more stabilized timelapse film. *reference to "new ez mot module: introducing and installation guide" video in new mot kit section. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 