ou like to virtually hop on board a minivan turned into an art workshop/gallery and travel in europe? que diriez vous d'embarquer virtuellement à bord d'un van transformé en galerie/atelier et de voyager en europe? that's the walls on wheels project . graphite portraits by jana k. video the walls on wheels project: walls on wheels is an international project aiming at promoting visual, contemporary art. walls on wheels est un projet international visant à promouvoir les arts visuels contemporains. by turning my old minivan into a mobile art gallery, i will display my own work as well as guest artists for exhibitions, performances and workshops. en transformant mon van en galerie d'art mobile, je présenterai mon travail, et je recevrai d'autres artistes pour des expositions, des performances et des ateliers. using the video to broadcast our actions and work, i hope to reach audiences accross the globe. the people who never exit their homes for whatever reason, will get a chance to travel with us. hopefully, they will feel less lonely and maybe get the courage to step out. en utilisant les enregistrements vidéo pour diffuser notre travail, je souhaite atteindre un large public. les personnes qui, pour une raison ou une autre, ne quittent jamais leur domicile, pourront voyager avec nous. avec un peu de chance, ces personnes se sentiront moins seules et peut être, y gagneront elles le courage de sortir de chez elles. wow is a transgeneration project. it takes only one hand to count the years remaining before i hit 50. yet, i'm prepared to work with youngsters half my age. i have almost always kept close contact with the youth, especially when i was teaching. i think it is important to maintain a healthy relationship with the following generation because they're tomorrow's humanity. with this project, i can relate and share with them and you. wow est un projet trans génération puisque quelques années seulement, me séparent du demi siècle d'existence. cependant, je suis prête à travailler avec des jeunes gens, moitié moins âgés que moi. j'ai presque toujours été en contact avec la jeunesse. je pense que c'est important parce qu'ils représentent l'humanité de demain et qu'il ne faut pas la craindre. avec ce projet, je reste en contact, tant avec eux, qu'avec vous. each fortnight or so, an artist will be given a chance to exhibit his or her work on the body of the van alongside a written presentation displayed in the windows of the van. the van is meant to make artists meet and meet the people. environs toutes les deux semaines, un artiste aura l'occasion de présenter gratuitement son travail sur la carrosserie du van. en parallèle, ses bio et contact seront affichés dans la fenêtre latérale dédiée. le van a pour but de provoquer des rencontres d'artistes et de permettre aux artistes de rencontrer le public. the idea naturally came when i started spay paint. climbing the van to paste my stencils to a wall was fun but as soon as i got home, i would miss the wall. using my van makes it possible to keep my work in sight and understand how to better it. l'idée est venue naturellement quand j'ai commencé la peinture aérosol. c'était sympa d'utiliser le van pour poser mes pochoirs en hauteur mais, aussitôt rentrée chez moi, le mur me manquait. en utilisant le van, je garde un oeil sur mon travail et ainsi, je peux comprendre comment l'améliorer. another reason for this project is to meet graffers and learn from them. as a self taught artist, i get a feeling that i am nearing the limits of self teaching. by working with others, i will learn and by giving them a chance to exhibit their work, i can offer a give and take deal. une autre utilité de ce projet est la rencontre d'autres graffeurs et l'apprentissage par les pairs. d'une certaine façon, j'ai la sensation d'atteindre les limites de l'auto apprentissage. en travaillant avec d'autres artistes, j'apprendrai d'eux et en leur offrant la possibilité d'exposer gratuitement leurs oeuvres sur le van, je peux leur proposer un échange de bon procédés. so far i have the minivan, with proper insurrance registered in france. funding will pay for: new licence plates and registration papers. in order to make this project possible, i had to leave my home, therefore, i need to change the plates, in accordance with the french legislation (mine are still the old format that i could keep so long as i didn't move from my former address.) the van wants fixing mechanic wise and refreshing inside so that we can use it as a workshop. the body also needs proper preparation before it can take paint. in order to have you follow us on video, i'll need a decent camera. walls on wheels is a non profit project in the sense that i will not get a salary or any money whatsoever. french legislation would make it very expensive to pay myself or the painters. yet, i relate to those of you who think it is unacceptable for an artist to work for absolutely nothing. so we'll offer full board for the duration of the partnership. as much as possible, we'll be using free accomodation but when it's not possible we'll have to pay for it. obviously, the funding will pay for the paint and other supply. then, to get from one place to the next, there will be the usual expenses. i leave little room for unexpected expenses that, from experience, always arise from any such project. all the money collected will be devoted to the project. behind the wheel: me, jana k. (my chosen artist name which, in a sort of pidgin french means just do it.) graduated bachelor of arts. professionnal experience: teaching ranges from high school to adults, and truck driving. artistic training : theatre, story telling, artistic workshops. volontary work and participation in festivals: story telling festivals in france and switzerland as a story teller. reader for reading festivals in alsace, france. voice over for several artists in france. voluntary translations for all kinds of occasions. acting for friend directors. origami workshops in classes and street happenings. staff for music festivals in france (eurockéennes de belfort...) switzerland (jazz in montreux, paléo festival) and spain. seasonned traveller including in that minivan. the rewards. when the light is on when the light is off here again, this (above) is what it looks like when the light is off and below when the light is on. believe it or not, the origamis above are not fixed or stuck. it is very easy to disassemble the pieces of paper. yet, they stick together strong enough to hold small plants. the piece above is stuck with tape. it is stong enough to for these three plants to grow in the air. adding lights, plants or candles to the existing models of origami is my creative part. please read this section through and keep in mind that the choice is yours. i did the maths and however i turn it, i tend to think that it is a waste of money to send you reward. so, after reading pages and pages of advice on the rewards, i came up with a plan. it seems that in the end, however creative a campaign is, the rewards tend to end up in a collection of knick knacks piling up in the basement. to me it is a shame because there are more and more children in need of t shirts, mugs or even a simple sticker telling them they're worth something. telling them about generosity and how, when you are honestly heading in the direction you think is right, people will help, just like you do with my project. may be, in the future the kid who received your very reward will, in turn, take action. either by creating a project or by helping others realize theirs. i don't want to force that plan on you. if you see my point, let me know you wish your reward to be given to someone else. so, i propose a chain donating plan. this means that your pledge will actually turn into a real reward but instead of sending it to you, i will hand it to participants, here, in europe. walls on wheels will meet lots of every day people to whom i will give your reward in your name, as a souvenir of your generosity. as you know, the video broadcasting is an important part of the project and that's where you'll see for yourself that i actually keep my word. one never knows what a gift may trigger in a child's head. in turn, do the maths. think of what this reward will mean to you and compare it to what it might mean to a child in need (of hope, especially.) i know i'm a dreamer but the site we're currently on, only exists because there are dreamers like me and people like you, willing to help making dreams come true. the risks: like i said above, the "chain donating plan" is up to you. if you need to get an object in your mailbox, you will receive it in due time. if my plan suits you, then, you will see for yourself that the children we meet, get your reward when you watch us on video. then, to be absolutely honest, i must say that the project is not going to be so easy as it sounds. i have travelled in this van over the past fifteen years and i know that roads are safe, when you are careful. for this reason, i have opted for a few new rules to ensure my project is successful. i have to say that i hope many of you will keep following us on youtube, after the closure of the campaign. for me as well as for the new artists i'll be working with, the chance to exhibit my work in a gallery is so remote that this seems my only chance to ever be able to keep in that line of work. in order for you to get to know me a little more, i have started a blog that you can check at wallsonwheelsproject.wordpress.com risks and challenges the risks are very limited given that many origamis are already folded. when you check the blog, you'll dicover that i have about 200 of them are ready to go. then, i have ready cut papers of all kinds and colours to make more. the blog displays a video showing how to assemble the shape. i insist on giving a modular shape because it shows well how several two dimentionnal peices put together will reach a third dimension. it illustrates the process of building a project and getting help making it come true. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 