on the moon" (instrumental) three arrows is premium menswear, made in california, which combines high quality active wear, social wear, and career wear into one lifestyle wear line that can truly get you through every part of your day. we developed three arrows to empower people in life, through style. it is not possible to live a premium lifestyle without premium style. three arrows solves menswear by rethinking methods of production, design, and distribution. this means first providing wearers with the highest quality technical apparel for every aspect of their lifestyle (active, social, & career wear).  Jimmy Fraud  rewards (select rewards on right hand side of page [phone in landscape orientation])  Jimmy Fraud  rewards (select rewards on right hand side of page [phone in landscape orientation]) incredibly lightweight, form fitting huy 3/4 sleeve active top that is designed to enhance your exercises by preventing any restriction of movement, staying odorless, and wicking sweat. recycled polyester's macro properties allow for garments to be form fitting in places requiring compression and draped in areas requiring air. anti microbial properties prohibit growth of odor causing bacteria, keeping you and your garments fresh. made with a cotton, tencel blend, the three button theo henleys are soft on your skin, keeping comfortable in any weather. the formfitting shape of the garment drapes from the chest down, barely skimming your body. as the most comfortable shirt you will own, the moyer crew becomes a multi faceted piece of your wardrobe  able to be used for active or social functions. the pridham l/s button down is designed for career & social use, but constructed with performance capabilities of active wear while keeping a classic, yet refined, aesthetic. the lightweight four way stretch fabric is easy to care for and does not require dry cleaning. plus, can be washed/dried and remains wrinkle free. button it up with a tie for work or unbutton a few for a night out. slanted hem for stylish untucked look and provides for easy tuck & hold. with technical gussets under your arms, your armpits receive ventilation, stay cooler, and sweat less. we designed the jubran 2 in 1 short to be the ultimate active short with full versatility. they can be used on bike rides on the trail to 5 on 5 basketball games. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 built in compression liner eliminates the need to ever wear underwear for workouts again. helps prevent chaffing, while providing support for your goods. (track: "five hours" deorro) the shell is made with a blend including recycled polyester and bamboo for a light, breathable, soft result that fits and drapes perfectly. liner fabric constructed with recycled polyester made from the recycling of polyethylene terephthalate bottles. 2 reinforced side pockets with contrast liner and a zippered back pocket for extra security. smart phone pocket built in to the compression liner. minimizing shaking of device while running or working out. perfect for wireless headphones. the mori pant is designed with performance capability & style suitable for your career and social wear. we created a featherweight pant you can wear in short weather and pant weather. unlike denim, our pants fabric has moisture wicking abilities and four way stretch, maximizing mobility. front pockets with reinforced hold & smart phone compartment; 2 back packets with additional zipper sealed sub compartments within for items needing extra security.reinforced belt loops to prevent stretch or tear. waistband with proportionately more elasticity so that you receive a perfect fit for life. why is it impossible to find high quality menswear in the same place for a sane price ? big retailers don’t want you to know that your clothing is meant to fall apart . their business models are dependent on you buying as many garments, as frequently as possible. the clothes are made with low quality fabric and with cheap overseas labor. we started three arrows affiliated because you want to be able to get the best clothes for every part of your lifestyle  whenever you want  without feeling you're paying too much. three arrows is high quality, us made menswear for every part of your life on a platform that provides wearers with a comprehensive solution to all their apparel needs. early on, we determined how we wanted our clothing to impact the wearer's life. what we kept coming back to was the idea of designing apparel for the 21st century renaissance man someone who is embracing the full scope of a lifestyle. motivated to excel in their career, as much as they are in their health or fitness, and social life. ultimately, men who strive for superior lifestyles. so, we create apparel that helps them do just that. active wear designed for superior performance for any of your workouts, training sessions and multi sport activities. subtle style designed to easily match other garments in and out of our collection. uses lightweight fabrics that provide light form fitting characteristics with excellent drapery. the cross functionality of the garments enables them to be worn from the office, to a night out with friends. with technical features like gussets, hidden buttons, and reinforced collars, the career wear is truly made to work. at three arrows, social responsibility & sustainability are ingrained in our core values and is a necessary practice in order to deliver the best all around product possible  from our fabric, to our labels, and even our packaging. three arrows started with just an idea in the silicon valley, and was then established in los angeles. we also source all of our fabric & manufacture all of our apparel in california . being a part of our local community and economy is a vital component of our brand. just as we encourage our wearers to engage with the three arrows affiliated community, we work towards engaging with the amazing community we reside in. fabric wicking (or capillary action) moves moisture away from the body to the outer layer of the fabric, improving its ability to evaporate. the inner layer draws sweat away from the skin to the nonabsorbent outer layer, maximizing surface area and evaporation efficiency. ensuring wearer comfort and regulated body temperature to combat cold moisture . breathability is a fancy way of saying “moisture vapor transmission rate”, or mvtr. mvtr measures how long it takes for moisture to pass through a fabric. we test all of our garments in studio and again in the field. one of the key metrics we focus on in testing is mvtr. for extra breathability , we added technical gussets to many garments. we utilize technical gussets in multiple areas including: collar, armpit, and crotch. made with moisture wicking breathable fabrics to provide better support and keep sensitive areas dry & ventilated. unlike typical clothing which has anti bacterial or odor fighting fabric treatments which only lasts for 10 15 washes, our fabrics are instilled with these qualities as a result of the rigorous textile selection process. our fabrics with four way stretch are capable of flexing in four different directions , as opposed to traditional clothes which stretch 2 ways and cause tear or tightness. we have applied this to not only the ideal active wear use, but also to the career wear to keep you comfortable through long work days. how your clothes manage when you’re not wearing them is a key indicator in their performance, and often overlooked. all of our garments, even the l/s button down, can wash & dry without any issues of pilling, shrinking, or fading. living a balanced lifestyle requires apparel that can keep up with every aspect of that lifestyle. that is why we create our clothing with functionality in mind. we constructed garments with intentions of enabling the most extreme, busy, or subtle lifestyles. a great garment should not restricted to one activity if it's aesthetic and performance capabilities are suitable for more. inspired by the perfect marriage of form & function , we design superior style, for a superior lifestyle. our aesthetic is best described as a refined fusion of a classic & minimalist chic style. our inaugural line consists of all wardrobe essentials for the 21st century renaissance man. this includes modern interpretations or refinements of classic styles. three arrows implements innovative design techniques using new and classic silhouettes with contemporary cuts, hems, & fabrics. we feel if the technology and resources exist to provide people with a high quality, high performing product, it is our duty to go to the lengths to provide such a product. we craft garments with sustainability in mind . both environmental and economic sustainability as we are committed to our social responsibility of making a product that has a minimal impact on the environment, and a positive impact in the community. yielding a natural fabric that is light, breathable, & moisture wicking. bamboo is one of the most versatile performance fabrics, enabling you to apply it to any activity. recycled bottles are a huge source of material for the creation of the fabric. it takes approximately 12 pet bottles to yield enough fiber for a t shirt. size chart tops men's bottom sizes this is one reason you are so are vital to our success. as a completely self funded start up, in order for us to bring three arrows to market on the scale and innovation we intend, your funding is essential. help us fund the first line of production, as well as for developing new products, an integrated online platform , and overall business operations. we need you to help us help you become the best dressed person in any room you walk in for the rest of your life. main video track: "man on the moon" (instrumental) kid cudi) risks and challenges we work our best to ensure that we provide you with realistic production timelines and deliver only the highest quality rewards from the  Jimmy Fraud . complications can arise with production timelines, but that is why we have made a conservative delivery estimation. with regards to fulfilling orders, our areas of focus are on communication with the funders and the quality assurance revolving around the product and its delivery. if you have any questions we encourage you to reach out to us on any of our channels. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 