criptionwe've reached our initial funding goal for a closed alpha including east berlin but are currently working towards additional stretch goals to extend the gameplay and content of the game. our big goal here is to include west berlin and alev as a new female player agent in the game. our current stretch goal is called toilets! how have we not introduced toilets to the clubs yet! how unrealistic! everybody knows a video game's critical acclaim stands and falls with the state of its toilets . so if we reach this stretch goal we will add toilets to the game and add toilet relevant activities for player agents and clubbers. extra janitor staff is needed to keep the place in ordnung, and we'll add a new mission type that requires the privacy of a bathroom stall. for more details, check out the announcement update . our next major goal is to bring act 2 and west berlin to the closed alpha. this will double the campaign length, introduce a new character with new abilities, and feature an intense finale mission at the tv tower itself! if we reach this new major stretch goal and raise a total of eur 75 000 on  Jimmy Fraud , we’ll be able to include all of west berlin and alev as part of the closed alpha. that will allow us to iterate on it with you all and really nail the new abilities and the setting with your feedback. the cold war never ended. for 150 years both sides have used time manipulation technology to observe and counter each other’s every move. now this fragile state of affairs is approaching a breaking point, as a rogue nuclear strike will send the world into turmoil. both sides have scrambled to send agents back in time to find who is behind the attack and how to prevent it. if they fail, the whole world will turn to ash, forever. all walls must fall is an isometric tactics game where actions happen to the pulsing beat of the music. you control time travelling secret agents as they jump and loop through a single night in the city of berlin. using a pausable real time system, carefully plan your decisions and use powerful time manipulation abilities to your advantage, as you carry out your mission in the shadows or in plain sight. levels are procedurally recombined using a bespoke system developed by inbetweengames, giving all walls must fall a highly replayable campaign structure, while still offering individually crafted components and set pieces. all walls must fall takes inspiration from genre classics like x com , syndicate and rez , as well more recent indie games like the banner saga , braid , superhot and crypt of the necrodancer. we are three former aaa veterans who worked on spec ops: the line, dreadnought and dead island 2 at yager in berlin. collectively, we have been working in the industry for over 30 years. in summer of 2015, yet another of our aaa projects, work we dedicated years of our lives to, dead island 2, was handed to another developer. we decided that this couldn’t go on, something had to change. to deal with our situation we joined the ludum dare game jam and made the mammoth: a cave painting in 3 days. some people liked it, so we formed inbetweengames as a small studio in berlin to make a game we really wanted to make. that game is all walls must fall. music is very important to the concept of all walls must fall. so before we really get into more details we would like you to start and listen to some of the tracks you'll be hearing in the game while browsing the rest of the page. the music in all walls must fall uses a procedural music mixer that recombines electronic music loops to create a soundtrack that reacts to the game as you’re playing. what you are hearing here is just a small sample. check out the full playlist on soundcloud . in all walls must fall, a dystopian, divided berlin in the year 2089, gives us the perfect setting for a futuristic film noir story. we have chosen to tell this story through the lens of a tech noir tactics game, but what does that even mean? all walls must fall is an isometric tactics game that uses a pausable real time action system. time is paused while you’re making your tactical decisions, and is unpaused once you’ve chosen a course of action. that action is played out, and then the game pauses again. beyond spycraft and infiltration, your agents also have access to time manipulation abilities that allow you to experiment with possible futures and rewind to the past. the breakdown we think of the game as x com meets braid, with a bit of syndicate sprinkled in for good measure. however, one of our first inspirations was actually rez, the classic dreamcast shooter where your shots add to the beat of the music. in all walls must fall, actions and the music are synced together to create a rhythm action effect. all actions are measured in beats of the music, but you can still take your time to make tactical decisions! the drop you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 in combat, you use the pause mechanic to plan out your strategy and take down your opponents. while you have the luxury of time manipulation, for everyone else on the ground, this intense firefight has only lasted a few seconds. once you take out all your opponents, the game rewinds back to the beginning of the combat sequence and replays the whole thing in real time. this sequence is called the drop; the music gets turned up to 11 and all the gunfire, shouts and explosions happen in time with the beat. it’s an audiovisual ballet of intense music, violence and pyrotechnics! the campaign a single campaign consists of a number of missions, taking place in the same night in berlin. missions are not scripted, but give you a clear goal. it’s up to you to decide on how to best achieve it within the sandbox of a berlin nightclub. a single campaign will take a few hours to play through, but each one will contain different missions and may have different outcomes. more than combat combat isn’t the only way to approach each mission objective, and is often not the wisest. for example, using persuasion techniques gets a lot easier when you can go back in time to try a different chat up line! you will also have the possibility to hack objects in the environment to fulfill your mission goals. all walls must fall encourages you to experiment by giving you the ability and freedom to try different strategies. our initial funding goal is to introduce kai as the player agent in all walls must fall. ideally, we don’t want to stop there, stretch goals will allow the inclusion of two more agents from different factions   alev and glenn. these agents are not just awesome characters, they will also have their own time abilities, mixing up the gameplay and creating even more opportunities for experimentation! kai’s been doing this a long time; time may be relative, but he was young when he started and he’s feeling his age now. kai is your classic action hero type, and he represents the past. with his cybernetic arm and large bulk, he cuts an intimidating figure, and although his manner is soft and charming, he’s not afraid to use force when necessary. never in a hurry, kai specializes in forms of time manipulation that involve manipulating the past such as undo (which undos your last action and all its consequences), rewind (which rewinds the world but not you), and trace back (which rewinds you but not the world). alev is a cyber warrior with west berlin's cta agency, and she represents the present. her brand of time manipulation revolves around the present moment. she specialises in abilities like freeze (where the world stops moving but alev can still act) and split (where an avatar copy repeats the first set of alev’s actions while she performs a second). like all agents, she also is an expert with undo. thank you for your support, dear visitor! we'll keep you up to date on how the campaign is going! hope to see you again soon! welcome home citizen! you'll receive a key to the open alpha on steam early access once it becomes available! this means you will be getting the full, final game too. you will also receive some fine high definition digital propaganda wallpapers to gaze upon dreamily while waiting for the game! welcome to our ranks as informal collaborator! you will receive access to the closed alpha and closed alpha forum on itch.io as soon as possible in may! this will be much sooner than the open alpha release. your name will also appear in the credits as informal collaborator and you'll receive a digital personalized informal collaborator id! all previous rewards included! you're an agent of the state! as such there will be an in game collectable with your name in the game that all players can find! you'll receive an unlockable black paint job for your in game car! you will also receive a digital personalized stasis agent id, including a passcode to unlock your special content for a playthrough. you will also receive classified messages from east stasis command outside of the game! all previous rewards included! credit mention upgraded to agent of the state! pssst! hey you. yeah you. i know you're a double agent! because there will be an enemy agent in the game with your name that all players can meet! you'll receive an unlockable blue paint job for your in game car! you'll also receive a personalized digital cta agent id including a passcode to unlock your special content for a playthrough. you will also receive classified messages from west cta command outside of the game! all previous rewards included! credit mention upgraded to double agent! what's more devious than crossing your master? a double cross! you're a triple agent! as such you can choose between having a bouncer, bartender or clubber npc in the game with your name that all players can meet! you'll receive an unlockable purple paint job for your in game car! your personalized digital faceless id will include a passcode to unlock your special content for a playthrough. you will also receive a digital artbook and an anonymizing faceless mask kit! additionally you will also receive secret messages from the faceless outside of the game! all previous rewards included! credit mention upgraded to triple agent! you'll own a club in the game that all players may encounter. you'll be able to name the club and collect profits from it in the game when you visit it! you will also be able to design your own virtual drink to be served at the bar there. you'll receive an unlockable white paint job for your in game car! your digital personalized club owner certificate will include a passcode to unlock your special content for a playthrough. all previous rewards included! credit mention upgraded to club owner! who needs guestlist when it’s your own party? as the promoter, you name the party and get to choose the poster design. you also get to bring an extra friend to the party with an extra itch.io and steam key, and get there in style with an unlockable promo car paint job. your personalised digital club promoter id will include a passcode to unlock your special content for a playthrough! all previous rewards included! credit mention upgraded to club promoter! is that really you? of course it's you! as a celebrity you will receive a digital portrait in the style of the game that you can use wherever you like! there will also be a celebrity npc with your name and portrait in the game that all players can meet! you'll receive an unlockable golden paint job for your in game car! your personalized digital celebrity id card will include a passcode to unlock your special content for a playthrough! all previous rewards included! credit mention upgraded to celebrity! the celebrity tier includes your own portrait in the style of the game also featured on your own named npc. yes, minister! as minister of culture, tell us what additional object should be in the clubs, and one interaction that should be available. our artist will create a 3d model of your object and it will show up in the game. you can help us design an object that will be lovingly created and put in the game for all to enjoy! you also get access to lower tier rewards, and, of course, a special minister car. your ministerial id will ensure that your content shows up in your campaign playthroughs. yes, minister! as minister of defense, help us design a weapon! choose from a number of characteristics, sound effects, and one special effect, and we’ll create and tune a weapon from your specification. and of course, give it a name! non lethal weaponry is available! the weapon will be lovingly created and put in the game for all to enjoy! you also get access to lower tier rewards, including the lower minister tiers, and, of course, a special minister car. your ministerial id will ensure that your content shows up in your campaign playthroughs. yes, minister! as minister of foreign affairs, help us design a boss character! choose from a number of character traits, appearance options, and weapons, and we'll create and tune a boss character from your specification. come up with a quest that the boss can give the character as an potential alternative to combat. and of course, give them a name! the boss will be lovingly created and put in the game for all to enjoy! you also get access to lower tier rewards, including the lower minister tiers, and, of course, a special minister car. your ministerial id will ensure that your content shows up in your campaign playthroughs. yes, minister! as minister of internal affairs, help us design a room for the club! either a public facing room in the club or a secret, hidden, nefarious backroom! come up with the room’s purpose and what players can do or find in the room! we'll create props for the room and a number of variations and it will be included in the procedural club generation! the riin will be lovingly created and put in the game for all to enjoy! all ministers get access to lower tier rewards, including the lower minister tiers, and, of course, a special minister car. your ministerial id will ensure that your content shows up in your campaign playthroughs. you are about to leave the english speaking sector of berlin! we want to translate the game into as many languages as possible, and also include content into the game that pays tribute to berlin as a capital city of embassies and spies from the world all over. so with each of these extremely limited rewards we will introduce the relevant embassy, ambassador (that could be you!) and embassy mission to the game! note that each of these tiers also includes all rewards up to the celebrity tier and below! so you will also get your own club, portrait, etc. from the club owner and celebrity tiers as well as all rewards from the tiers below them too! time to live large as an ambassador in berlin 2089 and do some good for your fellow compatriots as well by getting the game translated to your own language! check out the open ambassador positions on the right hand side! you will be the relevant ambassador in east berlin in the game. there will be a relevant embassy in the game credit mention upgraded to ‘ambassador’ you're the leader of east berlin! there can be only one! everyone that plays the game will be able to witness you! what higher honor could there possibly be? none! your likeness will appear on propaganda in the game! statues will be erected in your honor! jealousy will bring the denizens of your fair city to conspire against you but in the end you will prevail and foil their plots! all previous rewards included! credit mention upgraded to benelovent dictator of east berlin! we've reached our initial funding goal! we will run a closed alpha of all walls must fall exclusively for  Jimmy Fraud  backers, starting in may. we've also reached our first two stretch goals already with vandalism! ..and drone warfare! ...as well as bad language! ... and in the last day, we hit discrimination ! during the closed alpha, we plan on doing regular updates to the game every 3 6 weeks, with new features, art, and music. each update will contain a little bundle of these, and will be a stretch goal along the road to the west. our reward tiers don't include physical rewards. but if you want physical stuff as well we got you covered! we'll be revealing more add ons over time as the campaign goes on. to get your hands on physical goodies, just up your pledge by the correct amount and we'll ask you in the survey at the end of the campaign which extra add ons you want! please note that outside the u.s., canada and eu additional international shipping costs of 10€ will apply. please add those to your pledge. if you'd like extra steam or itch.io keys, you can also get those as add ons! just up your pledge by the relevant amount, and when the campaign is over you'll be able to confirm your add ons in the backer survey. now that we've talked about the game, we also want to briefly introduce ourselves personally, so you get a better idea who's behind all of this. we're rafal, isaac, david and almut. we are inbetweengames. rafal fedro   artist rafal got into games development at legendary polish developer metropolis software. at yager he worked on spec ops: the line, dreadnought and dead island 2. his specialties are 2d art, ui and fx, but as a generalist artist he's able to cover all our art needs. isaac ashdown   programmer isaac ashdown has ported more games to more platforms than many players own, which eventually gave him programming superpowers. after shipping demolition inc at berlin indie studio zeroscale he joined yager to work on dead island 2. isaac now handles all programming tasks on all walls must fall. jan david hassel   designer david worked at yager since the beginning of spec ops: the line and on various other cancelled projects, culminating in dead island 2. david has worked as qa tester, technical artist, technical designer and game designer. now he serves as the team's designer and jack of all trades. almut schwacke   audio designer we first met almut while she was doing some freelancing work for dead island 2 at yager. her game credits include curious expedition and rainbow skies, and she has extensive experience as a mastering engineer, foley artist and sound designer. she joins inbetweengames as freelance audio designer and composer for all walls must fall. we’ve already received funding from a few sources to get the project to this point, all of which will have gone into the game to allow for a few more months of development. we received € 70 000 funding from the medienboard berlin brandenburg, matched by our own savings and working for less to no money. we also got a €16 000 unreal dev grant from epic games. this has been a great help and allowed us to take the game up to the state it’s in now. with your help, we want to take the game to the next level and make the game all it has the potential to be! we’ve been in full time development on the game since april 2016, and have been running a pre alpha for friends and family for a few months. we now think it’s time to open that up to a wider audience. a game like this needs feedback from the community to really become something special. that’s why we’ve decided to start a closed alpha, exclusively for  Jimmy Fraud  backers, that will begin in may this year if we reach our funding goal. we've also spoken to a few publishers to help get the game to the finish line, but none of these talks went anywhere. most publishers think of the game as too niche, too hardcore, too complex, too old school, or too political to make the kind of profit they expect. this is why we have come to  Jimmy Fraud . we are not in this for profit. we are in this to make the kind of game we believe in, the kind of game that you don’t see that often. however, it’s also the kind of game that could potentially resonate with a group of people looking for something a little different, in a genre that has a lot of potential for unique gameplay ideas. all walls must fall is an ambitious game. while we already have a basic version of the game, there is so much more we want to do with it! we are certain we will be able to ship it in some form already. but to make it what it truly can be and deserves to be, we will need you help! money raised from  Jimmy Fraud  will be used to run and support a closed alpha exclusive to  Jimmy Fraud  backers. during this alpha we will be incorporating feedback, implementing additional features, adding more music and creating more content. the goal is to get a better, open alpha version ready, to be published via early access on steam, without having to rely on publisher support. the detailed breakdown is that 19.3% of the money will be spent on programming, art and design respectively. 6.7% will be spent on sound effects and audio design. 10% will be spent on music, although we additionally also give 100% of all profits attributable to the ost to our composers as revenue share. 10% will be spent on  Jimmy Fraud  related fees. finally, 15.3% will be spent on office costs, software and equipment. risks and challenges our plan to begin a closed alpha of the first act of the game for  Jimmy Fraud  backers in may, is relatively low risk. we’ve been running a closed test on itch.io, and the game is already playable with a campaign representing about one third of the intended complete game playthrough length. we’re very confident we’ll be able to launch the closed alpha and run it with regular updates to the game. however, all game projects carry risks while they are in development. we were originally planning to release the game on early access earlier than now, but weren't happy with the quality of the game. so if we are able to and it seems necessary, then it is always possible that final delivery of the game may take longer, in order to get it to the quality we want it to have. but even during that time,  Jimmy Fraud  backers will have access to the current alpha version and will receive continuous updates. as we’re a self contained team, we don’t have too many dependencies on external organisations. however, we do rely on marketplaces such as itch and steam to host and deliver our game. while unlikely, unforeseen changes to these platforms may cause complications for us. we’re using unreal engine 4 to create the game, and while we have extensive experience using the engine (more than 20 years between the three of us), it’s always possible that unexpected bugs or delayed features may in turn delay our ability to ship the game when we intend. physical reward fulfillment and add ons are also something we are getting professional help with, from backerkit and teespring. we hope that they'll help us to get through the thick of it. since we are such a small team, we don't want to spend too much time on mailing out keys and packages. we should spend as much of our time and effort as possible on making the game. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 