6/descriptionthe awful orphanage is a mildly evil tabletop game for 1 to 6 players that sees you and your friends navigating winding corridors and rooms, search for items, dodging orderlies and running from the nefarious gaunt & sinister man all whilst searching for one of the hidden magical talismans to free yourself from this macabre prison! will you work together and give everyone a chance to escape? or are you just playing along until you can be sure of your victory, and leave your friends behind ... there can only be one winner in each game, so use items against your friends to ruin their turns, force them to fight the orderlies or even steal items from them in the hope that you'll be the one holding a talisman and stopping the evil ms. prendergast and her other worldly cohorts. the awful orphanage is the first game in the hollow earth series being produced by workhouse games. we are actively looking for suggestions and improvements to the phrasing of the rules, if you feel so inclined please visit the following link to suggest your improvements ... https://goo.gl/forms/6v0fpytofetnn1oe2 if your suggestion is accepted then we will add your name to the book too! we are working closely with wingo games to ensure that all of the components inside the awful orphanage are the best quality possible. their experience with  Jimmy Fraud  fulfilment will also prove invaluable. you asked and we've delivered, every copy of the core game will include a set of replacement cards allowing for co op and solo play too! with cards such as 'catch', 'take this & run!' and the wonderfully named 'born slippy' you'll be able to pass items between the orphans as you all work together to take down prendergast! all backers of unruly orphan, artistic orphan and immortalised orphan receive the bonus pledge goals absolutely free! the stretch goals marked as add ons will be available for purchase at the end of the campaign during our pledge management system. we'll be giving away a host of digital downloads and additional artwork for the awful orphanage social goals. we have a collection of artwork that you can use as wallpapers, posters, t shirts ... whatever once we hit the following ... 1500 twitter followers 500 fans on boardgamegeek 2000 page likes on facebook submit your artwork to hello@workhousegames.com to unlock a digital version of the awful orphanage art book when we receive 10!. the winner of the gaunt & sinister photograph contest is karim theilgaard ! expand your games of the awful orphanage with 'the orphanage awakes' including two new miniatures and rules to play as miss prendergast herself and command the denizens of the home for wayward children! increase your pledge by £15 to apply these funds to the expansion during our pledge management stage. we have been inundated with requests for additional boxed sets of the miniatures included in the awful orphanage. so we're able to offer a  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive additional box for the low price of £20. this boxed set contains one of every unique miniature included in the core game. the orphan's toolkit adds coloured base caps to each miniature so you can keep track of which orphan is where easier as well as including an extra set of dice for when that "friend" forgets to put them back in the box! please note that the orphan's toolkit doesn't include the miniatures. we hope you'll agree that the miniatures included in the core game are fantastic, here they are in rotate o vision! the gaunt & sinister man and ms. prendergast the twins and an orderly delivery of a board or tabletop game can be a really difficult process. this is why we have partnered with local fulfilment centers around the world who specialise in just that! each of them has previous (and fantastic) experience with the logistics management of games including zombicide and rising sun to name just two. below are our initial rough estimates for shipping the core game (3kg volumetric weight). these are just estimates   costs may rise due to weight increase as more items are unlocked via stretch goals and add on purchases you choose. united states   £15 (to most states) alaska, hawaii and puerto rico   £22 canada   £20 (to most cities) united kingdom   £7.50 germany   £12.50 europe zone 1   £12.50 to £20 (all eu countries, except those in zone 2 and row) europe zone 2   £20 to 30 (greece, cyprus and malta) australia & new zealand   £15.00 rest of world   £30 to £45 we will only ship to south america and other countries for the rest of world shipping on the provision that backers appreciate and accept full liability for any custom charges. outside of the eu, usa, canada and australia, we cannot offer custom friendly shipping. purchases of more than one game will benefit from reduced costs. lickety split mary taylor has always been quick. whether it’s being first in the queue for bread and water or running away from matron. she is known by the other orphans as lickety split and her unique ability is her speed. when her ability is available lickety split can move two extra tiles. the prof nobody knows where william roberts got his pith helmet from but all agree it suits his character. the prof, as he’s known, is an expert at exploration and he has the uncanny knack of finding hidden doors and disappearing! when his special ability is available, the prof may pass from one tile to an adjacent tile without the need for a door. duffer big for his age, henry cooper isn’t the eloquent kind. he’d much rather settle any disagreement with his fists and that’s what has landed him a bed (albeit temporary) at the awful orphanage. when his special ability is available, henry’s street fighting instincts take over and he can add two to a single dice roll when scrapping with an orderly or the gaunt and sinister man. henry can use this ability at the same time as he uses an item which gives him a bonus to his scrapping score – for example, if henry is carrying a bit of broken brick he can use the +1 this gives him with his unique ability for a total of +3 to his scrapping roll. the twins not much is known about the twins, not even their names. they hardly speak and are inseparable. the other orphans know to give them a wide berth in the corridors as they always seem to have the right tool for the job. when their special ability is available they can search a room and choose two items but they must pick the one they want to keep and discard the other. pockets walter bennett was taken into the home for wayward children after the 832nd time he was caught stealing food from the market. known as pockets to his fellow orphans, walter can find something to steal even when there isn’t anything there! when his special ability is available, pockets can pick up a card from the stuff pile even when there are no loot tokens available in a room. verity vaudeville for years verity had entertained the crowds at the local market until she was taken away by the police and placed into the care of ms. prendergast. now she entertains her fellow orphans with her acting abilities. when her special ability is available, verity can distract an orderly in a room with her routine and they won’t scrap with her. note, the gaunt and sinister man is an inhuman entity and cannot be entertained – verity’s ability will not work on him. if she finds herself in a tight spot, sharing a room with the gaunt & sinister man and orderlies, if she manages to overcome the man with her scrapping, she can then use her ability to entertain the orderlies who won’t scrap with her. please wait while the gif loads we like to support retailers through our  Jimmy Fraud s and offer an attractive package. simply back this  Jimmy Fraud  using the retailer pledge level and you will be able to order the game at wholesale pricing which is available via e mail to retailers@workhousegames.com . after the  Jimmy Fraud  we will contact you to see what other items you would like to add to your order but you only pay for your order when we are ready to ship. we will require confirmation of retail id. risks and challenges whilst this is our first major tabletop game, we've taken advice from experts every step of the way. not only are we dealing with one of the largest and most competent factories in china, we are also dealing with the best logistics solutions available worldwide. the game has undergone countless play tests from a wide and varied group of people (thank you all!). finally all pledges will be managed by the wonderful people at crowdox who will ensure we have all the right details to ship your orders to you. this is a big project and when it comes to dealing with big projects there can always be things that cause delays. we’re a small team and believe that it works in our favour as we aren’t relying on countless people to get the work done. however, people do have problems that can cause delays and we’re ready for this to happen too! we’re a group of friends primarily that are able to pick up the slack should anything unfortunate occur. however well prepared we are there is going to be something that could take us by surprise, a mould breaking, a delivery going missing etc. this is why we have partnered with the best companies available to ensure that we have the knowledge with us to get these situations resolved as quickly as possible. we want to establish ourselves as a company with excellent customer service and as such are willing to do everything we can to make your transaction as easy as possible. because this is a wholly owned product we’re not dealing with licenses nor do we have to adhere to terms of license agreements. this is something we are wholly invested in creating and with 90% of the artwork and models ready to go we’re ready to hit the ground running. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 