he cycle of life "behold the turtle. he makes progress only when he sticks his neck out"     james bryant conant the passion sea turtles have long been a passion of mine. i want to start with why i need to bring this piece of art that lives inside of me to life. i am both humbled and blessed to have the support of family and friends and community. i begin by sharing the words of others about me and my work. "friends and family of nationally recognized wildlife artist, kathleen sheard, would agree she has surrendered a “comfortable” life in favor of a good life. a good life, rich with purpose, forged by relentless devotion to the exacting creation of stunning and astonishing massive glass wildlife depictions coupled with passionate advocacy for the subjects of her art. kathleen’s lifelong passion for wildlife, particularly those endangered and threatened, has inspired her to create a life size glass sculpture of the loggerhead sea turtle as well as hatchlings of the other species and their complete cycle of life. this sculpture will expand the magnificence and boundaries of glass as well as be a wonderful educational tool. loggerhead hatchling “the beauty of art has the ability to draw people in and touch the soul in a way that education becomes seamless and brings many dividends in public awareness. no time should be lost in bringing greater awareness to the harm and even eradication of sea turtles and indeed, all marine life, caused by oil spills, pollution, and trash, almost exclusively brought on by human action. the recent oil spills only serve to remind and further highlight how fragile and vulnerable our wild native spaces are. i feel a special need to bring attention to how our actions negatively affect ocean life.” says ms. sheard. this inspired and very complex sculpture will take nearly a year to prepare for and will culminate in may, 2016 at the studio in the renown corning museum of glass , where ms. sheard and her team of six professional glass artists will have access to the equipment and kilns necessary to build a piece of this magnitude. resources are required to bring this vision to fruition. it is estimated that this project will cost nearly $75,000 in materials, equipment and studio space to complete. mahatma gandhi once said, “the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.” the truth of these words is deeply profound and yet, how many of us live it? it is possible through support of projects such as these." the project this multimedia sea turtle sculpture will be called the cycle of life. it will incorporate multiple glass cast and fused components on a 5'x5'x1' wooden platform. the cast glass sculptures will include a life sized mother loggerhead sea turtle (the most ambitious casting), cast eggs and hatchlings of all seven threatened and endangered sea turtles. potentially, pending space availability, the sculpture will include a juvenile sea turtle coming in from the ocean and the official sea turtle nest sign that is used universally by patrols. graphite drawing of the cycle of life a kiln formed "oil spill" will incorporate vague skeletal images of a gull, dolphin and a ghost crab and/or other ocean wildlife that are also being destroyed by the same forces. the tracks will highlight the intentional destruction of a "marked" sea turtle nest by four wheeler beach traffic. initially, my first life size sea turtle sculpture was going to be two sea turtles as they were swimming in the waves. then came tropical storm claudette, hurricane gustav and other storms drowning many sea turtle nest eggs in 2009 followed by the gulf oil spill in 2010. seven sea turtle species are officially threatened or endangered. their cycle of life is threatened. my focus changed to the environmental degradation of the sea turtle species. this sea turtle sculpture is a work in progress. instead of the sea turtles dancing in the waves, my prototype clay sculptures are on a beach that is encroached on by an oil spill. oil spill kiln test i have begun the physical manifestation of a vision i have had for over 38 years. a new and larger process. a passion that continues. to persevere to move forward and embrace change   a constant in life. the components the cycle of life installation will include multiple glass components including the cast, fused and slumped glass sculptures. mother loggerhead sea turtle   interlocking cast glass sections   estimated overall size   34"x22"8" (8 or more sections) seven sea turtle hatchlings   australian flat back, green, hawksbill, kemp's ridley, loggerhead, leatherback and olive ridley   individual cast glass pieces (7 pieces   for the seven endangered or threatened species) sea turtle nest   sunken nest and berm created by mother's flippers, nest and eggs   individual cast pieces (estimated 20 pieces) oil spill   various sections on top and side of box   fused and/or slumped glass (estimated 12 pieces) skeletons/oil covered wildlife bodies   fused and/or slumped glass (estimated 2 4 pieces) 4x4 tire tracks   cast and/or slumped glass (2 6 pieces) sea turtle nest   clay prototype the team due to the number of components and complexity of the integration, this project will require a team. six professional artists, passionate for the environment, the turtles and glass have committed themselves to collaborate with me on the manifestation of the cycle of life . glass scute artist study we are a cohesive group. all of us are meticulous to detail and dedicate long hours to our art. while we reside in different parts of the country, we are kindred spirits and enjoy a camaraderie that has spanned many years. this is a unique opportunity for the symbiotic energy of the group to share creative insights, solve technical problems and create significant portions of the cycle of life in a collaborative environment. pat arnold   pat is an artist, systems analyst and arts organization leader from alexandria, va who has been both a student and a teaching assistant at the studio at corning. she will help us work most efficiently and maximize the results of our collaborative endeavors and i am thankful to her for her professionalism in helping to orchestrate the presentation of this proposal. cathy coverley   cathy, from san diego, ca, has hands on experience with large castings. i value her painterly knowledge of inclusions in cast glass. she has been a resident artist at uroboros glass studios, in portland, or and has been a teaching assistant twice at the studio at corning. she has studied with many renown artists from around the world and her expertise will be vital when creating the sunken nest portion in the cycle of life. carol webb   carol owns c3 studios, in duluth, ga and her love of glass and innovative thought process to problem solve is invaluable. she will help in creating the oil spill and fiber skeletal forms that will be indicated under the oil spill. carol and i have volunteered on sea turtle patrols in florida together and will continue to do so. claudia whitten   claudia is now retired and works full time in her glass studio in challis, id. she has traveled the country absorbing techniques from a diverse group of instructors. claudia and carol webb have assisted me in making waxes and molds in my studio. claudia is a stickler for detail and will assure all prep is done correctly! michelle kurtis cole   michelle is an artist, environmentalist, engineer and educator who has been creating with glass for over 40 years. she is currently working with scripps institution of oceanography testing glass sculptures as substrate for coral regeneration. she has studied extensively with international glass masters. her work is held in private collections across the us as well as japan, czech republic, italy, england, hungary and spain. she is a member of the sea changes: act team   seachanges.org. katie patten   katie is a native monta working with art glass since 1978, including stained glass commissions, retail, and teaching in the missoula area. currently she and her husband market kiln fired glass with an emphasis on the intentional manipulation of glass qualities, creating plates, bowls, sculpture, wall pieces, hanging panels, lighting and jewelry. katie has studied with kathleen and looks forward to contributing to the cycle of life process. kathleen sheard   i am the designer of this complex and exciting sculpture. i have a studio in hamilton, mt and for 38 years i have explored the mysteries of glass. it continues to fascinate and teach me daily that boundaries can be pushed and new territories explored in my personal life, in wildlife and glass. we all want to make a strong statement about not only protecting all the turtles, but protecting all wildlife. to draw people in with the beauty of glass and to also educate. i have asked these artists to collaborate with me to bring this vision to reality and to create a powerful statement. the location the cycle of life will be created in the studio at the corning museum of glass in corning, new york. while the piece will be started at the various locations of the artists involved, the art work will be finished and completed in the studio at corning. this will be a month long process for the seven of us to accomplish. we have rented work spaces in the studio, including the kiln room, mold making room, cold working room and other equipment for may 2016. corning museum of glass   corning, ny the funds this immense piece of work will only come together through a team of glass experts using high quality materials and the finest equipment. unfortunately glass is not an inexpensive medium. glass takes both collective physical and financial strength. the cost estimate is $75,000 to fully fund the project in its entirety. this is a bold and courageous undertaking and the largest scale i have ever attempted. while it may seem daunting to some, my team and i are passionate and driven to see the project through for both the value of the art and the irreplaceable value of sea life. we are excited to be on this journey and invite you to join us. how you can help personally endorsing this project is just one of the ways you can become an advocate for not only sea turtles but all wildlife. of course, we deeply appreciate your monetary support, but volunteering with organizations which support wildlife can make a real and meaningful difference. ways to be effective in saving our planet’s sea turtles can include simple acts like picking up litter from the beach, bringing in beach furniture to turning off beach house lights so hatchlings head to the ocean instead of inland. hatchlings the passion + the perseverance = the process thank you without the blessings of many kind and supportive souls who i have had the good fortune of knowing over the years, this project would not be nearing its stage of manifestation. you are my cheering section, prayer partners, sounding boards, hands and hearts. i thank you. i profoundly thank you. there are so many, but i offer special and heartfelt gratitude to my team of artists and dear friends who continue to help fulfill this dream of large cast glass wildlife. listed, but not limited to – pat arnold and dennis mccloud, heather carter, curt and stacie chandler, michelle kurtis cole, cathy coverley, sam demas, heidi elliot, dick and judy estler, cynthie fisher, sandy gadd, melonie housman, cindy martin, katie patten, mike phillips, diana tracy, bill wargo, carol and paul webb, vanessa wheeler and claudia whitten. amy schwartz and harry seaman from the studio of the corning museum of glass – for their help in setting this up and their continued help as we set up through this next year into may 2016 and the culmination of this special to my heart educational art work. field photos bucket hatchling   this little guy was too small to make the frenzied march to the ocean. he will stay here for a day until he has matured just a little more and will be released to make it to the ocean. kemp's ridley   i had the honor of helping to release this turtle back to the ocean after being caught by a fisherman. here is a great shot of a loggerhead hatchling that just peeked through its egg to get its first view of life. risks and challenges the studio at the corning museum of glass has granted us a 3.5 week lease in may, 2016 to kiln cast and fuse the sea turtle sculpture, the cycle of life. in all the time preceding may, 2016, my team and i will be focused in preparation of the parts, artist studies and molds so they will be ready when we reach the museum’s facility. all that can be done in advance, will be done, as to use the leased space in the most effective way possible. even with well thought out, effective preparation and execution, it is possible for something to go awry. in fact, it likely will. i accept this. it is the organic nature of glass that at times can make it unpredictable and that’s one of the reasons i find it so magical. being a glass artist for nearly forty years has gifted me nearly every possible thing that can go askew and if it hasn’t happened to me personally, it has likely happened to one of the team members. working with glass gifts you with becoming a proficient problem solver. every contingency plan for every possible scenario has gone through my mind a thousand times. please be assured, we are prepared and we are ready to soar. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 