criptionwe had a wonderful campaign on  Jimmy Fraud  but unfortunately did not meet our funding goal. this means we are now moving towards our phase 2 plans so we can still bring to market these much needed and amazing clothes! to stay up to date with our campaign be sure to check us out on social media, our website and sign up to our newsletter by simply clicking on each link below. facebook: twitter: instagram: newsletter sign up: website: thank you to everyone who supported our campaign, shared our campaign, loved what we stand for, pledged and even those that sent us virtual hugs and hi 5's! we look forward to releasing our collection for sale really soon and hope you'll continue to follow us and be involved. www.freestylethreads.com.au when i had my children i searched for gender neutral kids clothes because i wanted to be thrifty and save money should we end up with a boy and a girl, and i preferred having my kids in clothes that were not gendered or stereotypical boys or girls designs. freestyle threads has been bubbling away in my heart and brain for over 5 years and after talking with lots of other parents during this time i realised i wasn't the only parent wanting clothes that weren't available in department stores. this is what i hear almost daily in the school car park, playgrounds and waiting rooms (i talk to a lot of parents!), and what was reinforced by research i did with parents: "my daughter loves dinosaurs but wants something other than brown, green or grey" "my son asked me "why are rainbows & unicorns always on pink glittery outfits?" and i struggled to answer him" "i want to find clothes for my kids that are not stereotypical pink for girls and dark and boring for boys" "clothes are too 'high fashion' for kids these days   they need to be practical" well, we understand, we are listening and this is our plan: no gender, no agenda   just clothes for kids most department stores are currently decked out with stereotypical pink/lace/purple/sparkles/frills for girls and black/brown/dark/boring for boys. you've told us, and we wholeheartedly agree, that this isn't good enough for our kids. we want our kids to be able to express themselves via their wardrobe, and be confident in their clothing choices   not be limited by big retailers view of what our kids want to wear. with your pledges and support we can provide a viable alternative to clothing that is found in most stores today, and by doing so provide kids and parents with suitable, desirable and highly wearable clothes. so pledge, and   if you can't pledge then please share our campaign   the more people that get behind us, the bigger impact we can make. our range will consist of a variety of unisex and gender neutral options, including t shirts, leggings, skorts, shorts, skirts, sleepwear and dresses. this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is to generate the funds needed for a large scale manufacturing run (large scale means a better price for you all!) of our first group of t shirt designs   and we've recently added the dresses too! the t shirts are made of high quality cotton, and our initial designs will be screen printed, while some of our subsequent more complex designs will be digitally printed to achieve the required results. we are focusing on the garments fitting boys and girls comfortably, and being playground friendly and long lasting. our t shirts are 100% cotton and super soft, with a slight stretch allowing them to fit comfortably across a range of body types in each size. our initial size range will be 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7   and we are looking to expand the clothing down to a size 1 to cater for our petite toddlers. we also have plans down the track to include a babywear range and accessories   but let's get our initial lines sorted first! scroll on down to read more about our stretch goals and future plans. in designs that reflect modern children, freestyle threads will be loved by those who reject the idea of pink for girls and blue for boys, or dinosaurs for boys and princesses for girls. a lot of parents are passionate about breaking down the gender barriers and support their kid’s individuality and desire to express themselves. we also know that there a lot of parents out there who just want to be able to buy clothes for their children that their kids will wear and like that they as parents are also happy to purchase. unisex garments also allow for easier sharing amongst family members, handing down to younger siblings, and basically getting more life out of a single garment. the two t shirt designs available for our initial rewards are our creepy crawly and rocket design as below. the dress design now also available is the rocket design printed in red on a dark navy dress. scroll further down to read about and see our future designs that might be unlocked during the campaign if we achieve more than our goal. rocket dress “finally there is a clothing label for kids – not boys or girls – just kids!” kristy pillinger, editor of nurture parenting magazine “love love love” simm "love that my daughter can have options that don't feature a princess or fairy!" ramona "love the practicality, designer clothes that are not attempting to mold our kids to a narrow stereotype, and as a mother of boys it will be fantastic to have a better range of colours." megan “i am so excited to be able to buy great quality kids clothing without the gender segregation, freestyle threads is filling a much needed gap in the children's clothing market!” monique, earthside photography nurture magazine   wynnum herald   courier mail we need you to pledge your support to us. simply put, our collection of clothes won't be produced any time soon if we don't reach our funding goal   and there is a need for these clothes for our kids now! so please choose a reward level that suits your needs and financial circumstances by clicking 'back this project' at the top, enter your details and complete your pledge. your credit card will only be charged the pledge value if we successfully reach our funding goal within the campaign period. all transactions are handled by a third party, are amazingly secure and its simple to adjust your pledge level if you need. here's a rundown of the different clothing combo's you can get as rewards: reward combos you can choose any of the designs we release during the  Jimmy Fraud  in any combination, and any combo of sizing between 2 and 7. we'd also love it if you would become our cheer squad and support team. it's easy to share our campaign with your friends by clicking on the 'share this project' button at the top. for us, this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is only the beginning. everybody needs to start somewhere, but we have big plans. initially we offered 2 t shirt designs within our  Jimmy Fraud  and soon added a dress also. should we fund our full amount we plan to release additional designs and additional colour choices in both garments. we are also finalising details for our next 3 garments; leggings, skorts and sleepwear. if we happen to over fund, we will expedite these garments and offer them via our  Jimmy Fraud  project so you can be the first to get them. we've included a snapshot of some future design and garment options below. stretch goal t shirts stretch goal dresses after the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign has been successfully completed we will begin work finalising the rewards each of you has selected as a priority. we have given ourselves a target that should be easily achievable and we'd be delighted if we can deliver before our target. in addition, we will begin work on our online retail presence so that as soon as we have garments available we can begin taking orders and getting more amazing unisex clothes out to children who want to feel amazing in what they are wearing. our online store will have global shipping available to appeal to the largest audience possible. we have a large existing fan base and a queue of people waiting to purchase from us, so we believe with the momentum from our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign we will be well placed to hit the ground running from a sales perspective. we have relationships with a number of suitable advertising outlets, and plan to advertise as soon as we have our retail store set up, and clothing to sell. it's important to us to continue to grow our online presence, but it's just as important to consider who might be suitable retail partners for us globally. we would plan to put together wholesale agreements and approach those retail outlets we believe best fit within our philosophy   with the aim of getting our clothes in as many locations as possible. so as you can see, we've thought about this a lot, and we have plans well beyond this  Jimmy Fraud  program, but we do need you to pledge so we can get there! you might be wondering how we came to the figure of $11,000 and what it's going to be used for? we got the total figure by working out how much it will cost for us to produce our first run designs, additional design work, postage for for all the rewards heading out to people who pledged to us, setting up our retail website to allow for continued sales post  Jimmy Fraud , and also a big chunk is taken up in fees from  Jimmy Fraud . we've also included a contingency portion to allow for fluctuations in currency, cost of additional samples and testing if required and allowances for changes. thank you for getting this far, i appreciate everyone's interest in our clothes and philosophy and the support you are giving. please share our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign (its easy, i promise!) by clicking on the share button at the top of the page   we need as many people as possible to be aware of not only our project but of our philosophy and plans   we can't do what we need to do without a huge amount of coverage, support and encouragement. so, thank you. kelly owner/creator of freestyle threads this photo is still processing check back in a few minutes! risks and challenges our major risks are quality and timing. if the manufacturing process produces sub standard garments (compared to our existing sample lots) then we will need to source a new manufacturer or fabric or determine the reason for the change in quality and rectify it. we have secured samples that are fantastic quality, so the risk is minimised, however we are aware that there is still a slight risk when it comes to our large volume required. we also run the risk of experiencing delays due to freight or transport issues, or delays within the manufacturing and shipping areas out of our control. a risk and a challenge that would be a great one to encounter is if we substantially over fund past our desired goal. if this occurs we'd be over the moon, however it would mean larger manufacturing runs and more behind the scenes work tracking all of your pledges, size and design requests and communication (aka customer service). in this instance we would likely need to employ staff to help us with various project components. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 