escriptionhi! i'm lillian. you might know me from tracking lots of useless stats about myself or from the massive bowie vs prince bike ride i started 10 years ago. i'm a chronic side hustler with a tendency for low paid nonprofit work (i recently added it up: i had 40 jobs in my 20's). my job titles tend to sound rather incredulous on paper: "database wizard", "zine librarian", "bike valet attendant". i was once a emo band groupie, and now i sit on the board of an organization called the harry potter alliance . i've flown across the country disguised as the goblin king (twice) and attended city meetings dressed as the portland airport carpet. basically, i'm a millennial stereotype with an economics degree. traditional personal finance hasn’t worked for me, so i created money lessons that put your values at the forefront. it covers all the things you need to know to make your money plan, with a dash of glitter   from investing decisions explained by cats to a walk through of student loan repayment that doesn't make you want to cough up a hairball. get your money together is friendly, fun personal finance workbook designed with your passions, values, and personal goals in mind. it was created to help you uncover the things that are most important to you and craft a money plan that is meaningful for you. and there are cats! i know so many folks who are ready to take control of their finances, but the material out there doesn't serve them. they want serious financial literacy but they don't want to fall asleep or break out in stress hives from trying to conquer their money. most personal finance is boring, stressful, and quite frankly, has far too few cats. there's a lot of resources out there for learning about personal finance   but most of them don't take into account the way many of us work these days: variable income, side hustles, and no access to things like a 401k. get your money together's secret weapon is approachability   i understand that most of this money stuff has more to do with anxiety, stress, shame, or just confusion about what to do. instead of overwhelm, i have made clear tools for you to make a plan for your future   with plenty of cats! why should i listen to you? you can actually listen to me!   i'm on the air every week on oh my dollar! , a personal finance podcast and radio show with a dash of glitter. if this is the first time you have heard of me, i recommend you check out the podcast and see if my style resonates with you. some things people have said about oh my dollar!: "dave ramsey for atheist millennials with student loan debt"   itunes reviewer widgetsaurus "this is the kick in the butt i needed. stop procrastinating and manage your money! very informative and not over the top."   itunes reviewer eric "if that manic pixie dream girl you knew in high school went and got an economics degree, and then started a radio show about roth iras and david bowie, that would be oh my dollar!"   oddly correct unsolicited emailed review (still worried it was my high school girlfriend who sent that.) i only started teaching personal finance only because i was frustrated with the lack of queer friendly, feminist, and, most of all, fun personal finance education out there   especially stuff that deals with actual real life money issues and doesn't assume you have one full time job with benefits, 2.5 kids, and a white picket fence. intro: what we’re doing isn’t working   getting out of the financial litterbox chapter i: you do you   digging up your values chapter ii: purr fecting the budget   how to start budgeting; handling variable income, with worksheets & forms chapter iii: bury that treasure   building up your savings, emergency funds, fu money, sinking funds, and understanding your net worth chapter iv: debt, the financial litterbox   understanding debt, debt snowball and debt avalanche, student loan repayment structures chapter v: credit, the american laser pointer chase   the history of the credit system, how to improve your credit, and why you might not care about catching that darn dot anyway chapter vi: investing, making more fish   understanding investing buckets vs vehicles, choosing your investments without crying, why you should plan for your retirement, how to get started "late" saving for retirement interlude: stop buying things you don't need! chapter vii: building your cat tower (mortgages)   rent vs buy, how to prepare to buy your first house, how much house can you afford, things to consider when buying a condo chapter viii: getting under the blanket (insurance)   how insurance works, what to avoid & what to get, and conducting a break even analysis appendix: hit by a bus folder, cash flow worksheets, extra budgets, digital safety what if i need more than what's in the workbook? the workbook is designed to stand alone as a program to work through your money, but i know that there's more learning styles out there than just written! you can also back the  Jimmy Fraud  at the $59 level and receive access to the 8+ hours of in depth video lessons from get your money together bootcamp, plus calculators for things like debt payoff. this is just some of the information covered in gymt these lessons go perfectly with the workbook, offering extra support when you need a term defined or just want to see a friendly face explain co insurance costs. usually the get your money together bootcamp online is $89 for the course alone, so this is very economical way to get both together and to get 360 support on your journey to improve your relationship with money. in addition to the workbook itself and the get your money together online course, we also have some truly excellent add on packages. check them out: lawcat's guide to life: purr fect for new grads! add on "lawcat's guide to life", a zine by licensed paw ttorney and feline advocat @asklawcat that covers the basics you need to know about the law. this zine is made just for this  Jimmy Fraud ! cat lover's package you can add on a special edition (just for oh my dollar!) money print feline sized bowtie (also fits small dogs) from business catual . if you have two stylish cats, never fear, you can add an extra bowtie to your pledge after the campaign ends. for kittens of all religious purr suasions do you have a person in your life that could use some purr sonal finance education right meow? at check out at the end of the campaign, you can choose "gift shipping" and we'll send a certificate to the person of your choice by december 15th (3rd day of hanukkah) letting them know their money workbook is on the way. they'll also get an access code to the online course to start using right away! obviously, we're all about budgeting! be confident that not only will we be transparent but also we'll try to economize as much as possible. it turns out moving stacks of paper around the world is expensive! for a reasonable per book price, the minimum order for books is 500   it costs $3,787.50   from that point on, most of our costs are shipping ($7 for us folks; more for overseas). of course, in true oh my dollar! fashion, we've accounted for taxes and a "stuff happens" buffer. oh my dollar! is on a mission to empower everyone to feel confident about their money, regardless of their income or life circumstances. oh my dollar! delivers free, in person financial literacy education to low income young adults through local nonprofits   and 10% of all books printed will be donated to these programs. if you'd like to round up your purchase with the pay it fur ward program, we'll do a one for one match and get even more books to those who need them. for each book you purchase, one will be donated to someone in need, and you'll get a note from the person who received your generous donation! these books cost less to get in folks' hands because we can deliver in person, which cuts down shipping + transaction costs by $9 per book! our goal is to have over 200 get your money together workbooks + bootcamps donated to folks who could use a little purr sonal finance education in 2018. $10,000: audio edition   unlocked since we hit the $10,000 level, all backers will get a free audio edition of the workbook ! the audio edition will be like a guided meditation for your money   listen while you commute, do the dishes, work out, or use alongside the workbook for extra motivation. $12,000: purr sonal finance merit badge stickers we did it! since we hit this stretch goal, i will include a free sheet of kitten themed purr sonal finance merit badges for every single physical book backer (ebook only backers will be able to add on stickers for $2 after the campaign). i believe that dealing with your money deserve some girl scout style accolades, and cute cats make everything a little better. risks and challenges vacuums, allergies, fleas. no, but seriously. this is my first  Jimmy Fraud  campaign for my own work, but i've been lucky to be part of campaigns for multiple nonprofits over the past 7 years (community cycling center, portland afoot, and the independent publishing resource center). i'm looking forward to taking what i learned from those experiences and improving even more. all of the written content for the book is created, and about 25% of the illustrations are complete. with funding from this  Jimmy Fraud , i'll be able to pay the illustrators to finish up the artwork so we can deliver the most beautiful workbook possible (to keep you inspired about your budget, of course!) i've already identified and locked in quotes for book production overseas, with a printer that came highly recommended from other indie creators. backers will get updates on the books and where things are in the process and we hope to avoid any delays. we've made the april fulfillment date generous in order to ensure that folks receive their books on time. we'd rather be early than late! i'm doing all fulfillment in house with the help of backerkit's excellent software, hoping to include the delightful little things that we have done on past fundraising campaigns: handwritten notes, stamped packages, and extras like stickers. apart from concerns about possible shipping delays, though, i'm looking forward to bringing more glitter filled financial education into the world. i can't wait! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 