criptionproject overview by jeff hampton circle of doors is a high tier film project intended for production by the best professionals in the industry with distribution to a global market. producers currently include lee steadman and ranse parker. two doors films are planned. this campaign relates to the first film only. press release click here to view the press release story synopsis sharing unproduced story ideas in the film industry without a signed release is generally inappropriate. however, the doors film project has been adapted and is being produced from an existing novel that has been widely distributed and is fully and legally copyrighted. therefore we have no issues with sharing the story synopsis here. the novel was a limited release and is currently out of print. click here to read the story synopsis the story behind the doors ranse parker is a life long entrepreneur who started his first business at 16 years of age. his change of career direction at age 37 was so bizarre that many who heard his personal story at book signings and speaking engagements believed it was made up as a marketing scheme. it wasn't. sometimes truth really is stranger than fiction. ranse was running his fifth company in early 2002 working on several communications projects and having just consulted for the olympics when an extraordinary, life changing event took place. with a mind always buzzing and multitasking dozens of different ideas, jobs, plans and schedules, he literally woke one morning to discover that this internal command center was completely dark and silent. the passion and drive for a 25 year career that was doing well was suddenly, completely and inexplicably gone. he describes it as if 'someone had reached into his soul and taken it all from him while he slept.' just as strange and sudden was a new distaste for the very same work. months went by as he struggled for understanding and to finish existing projects. some were completed while others were given to friendly competitors. alternate career paths to support his young family were considered but nothing seemed viable. then came the dreams. the first dream started with ranse sitting alone in the center of a large, old opera style theater with curved, sloped seating and a mezzanine overhead. there was a large stage with closed curtains and white roman columns to the sides. the walls were covered with red velvet draping and gold trim. he was holding popcorn and a drink. the curtains opened and a movie started that he had never seen before. he watched it until waking the next morning. the next night the dream began in exactly the same manner only this time when the curtains opened the movie started from where it had left off the night before. when the movie was over the curtains closed and ranse woke at around 4 a.m. realizing that something very unusual had happened, he started documenting the story from the dreams. it was while working on it the next day that an overwhelming impression came that he was meant to write out the entire story and share it with the world. being a pragmatic businessman, this impression seemed ridiculous. he knew the odds of making something like that successful enough to support him and his family were extremely slim. he relates, "i laughed out loud, shut off the computer and walked away." however, over the next several weeks the impression would only grow stronger and hound him relentlessly. with no other career prospects lined up, ranse finally accepted the fact that something bigger than him seemed to be in play and he needed to listen. with the blessing of his wife and children (his four children ranging from 5 to 14 years of age), he started writing the story full time. his wife volunteered to return to work after being a stay at home mom for the previous ten years. thirteen years later with the last of their children now in college, she still gets up at 5 a.m. and commutes 2 hours to work in support of her family and husband, and the doors project. for 3 1/2 years ranse worked on the story until the 800+ page manuscript was deemed ready for editing. the change of career direction was so out of character that he had sworn his entire family to secrecy, even his 5 year old daughter, until the book was published. this was due in part to a concern that people might think he had lost his mind, which, he concedes, hadn't been ruled out. the novel was ready for publishing just as the economy was slowing in late 2007. agents weren't biting so the novel was self published through a print on demand subsidiary of amazon. a distributor found the book and believed it was good enough for national distribution if it was professionally published. even with that opportunity, no one was willing to take the risk. faced with "go big or go home," and with little left financially having sold all their investments, ranse and his wife risked everything squeaking out a second mortgage on the small home they had moved to and he published a few thousand copies of the novel doing all the work himself. there were dozens of signings at barnes & noble and costco locations and the novel met with praise from readers and staff. over the next year it would receive two national awards for visionary fiction and attract the attention of mainstream authors and hollywood producers. ranse traveled to l.a. and burbank several times over the next three years to meet with various producers, studio reps and other industry professionals. while a few opportunities were presented, none provided any reassurance that the story would be produced to his expectations. there was even a chance that after the rights were sold the story might never be produced at all. that possibility was unacceptable. a certain oscar winning filmmaker requested a copy of the novel and related that it was the 'best he has seen' for adaptation to film. knowing ranse's expectations, he suggested that ranse had the business and artistic talent necessary to write the screenplay and produce the film himself. it was several months before this suggestion would finally take hold in the realization that it would, in fact, be the only way the film might actually become a reality and reach audiences in the manner it was intended. a few accomplished filmmakers and potential production partners were interviewed and dismissed for various reasons including one who related that the screenplay was the 'best he had read in years' . then lee steadman heard about the project from an associate and was intrigued. lee got his start on touched by an angel and went on to work with some of the industry's biggest talent including tommy lee jones, robert duvall, clint eastwood, jim carrey and directors michael apted and j.j. abrams. lee relates that when he first heard about the doors project, it struck him as being something unique and important and he wanted to be a part of it. ranse was impressed with lee's experience, professionalism, integrity, and a shared desire to organize a high quality production. it was a good match and lee was brought on board as a producer. executive producer opportunity those who contribute to the development of a film or media project are credited as executive producers . contributors to the doors project meeting certain contribution levels will be officially credited as executive producers on the film. the overall production process consists of several stages generally categorized as development, pre production, principle photography and post production . this entire process can take up to three years to complete. the development phase involves building a studio package to present to studios and film investors for production funding. while any contribution amount will certainly be appreciated, logistically it will be necessary to limit the number of official credits given in the film. therefore we have set the following guidelines for contributions to development regardless from where the funds originate. any individual or single entity whose total contribution to development by any means or funding source will be credited with the following titles at the given levels: executive producer opening & closing main credits   $50,000 and above co executive producer opening & closing main credits   $20,000 to $49,999 co executive producer closing main credits   $10,000 to $19,999 contributing executive producer   $1,000 to $9,999* *contributing executive producers will be listed as a group in the rolling credits. executive perks it is our intention to allow all executive producers contributing at least $1,000 to receive certain privileges for their contributions. all contributors of at least $1,000 will receive access to a password protected blog that will be updated during the entire production process, and receive a signed copy of the blueray and certain merchandising when appropriate. for $5,000 contributions, contributors will also be invited to certain scheduled behind the scenes events and allow "meet and greets" with the talent when appropriate. for $10,000 contributions, contributors will be credited as co executive producers in the main closing credits and additionally be invited to premier events and receive other special perks as they are organized. visits to sets and other production facilities by contributors as may be requested outside of scheduled events will be handled on a case by case basis. one of our primary concerns during production will be the security of the locations, sets, talent, employees and contractors. however, we will still try to accommodate these requests when appropriate. allocation of funds development funding will be used to pay for resources involved in building the studio package. these will include but not be limited to hiring a director and casting agent, talent placement fees, attorney's fees, contracting film crews, location scouting, hiring a line producer to establish an official budget, and producing a professional trailer. it is our intention to cast a list talent in key roles where possible. a completed production proposal will be presented to select film studios (lionsgate for example) and film investors to solicit production funding and establish a distribution deal. preliminary production cost estimates vary from $30m to $50m depending on the level of production. it's also worthy to mention that one of the composers who scored two of the harry potter films has already expressed interested in scoring doors. independent vs. mainstream production doors will be considered an independent film project until such time as a major studio might invest in production. otherwise, production funding will be solicited through film investors and by whatever other means may be appropriate. projected mpaa rating and target audience doors should earn a (mild) pg 13 rating and is targeted at a global audience. the doors story has intrigued readers from as young as 10 years of age to 90 years of age. a good comparative film for style and production would be contact with jodie foster and matthew mcconaughey. some have mentioned the story reminded them of the da vinci code . main genres would include action, drama, mystery, thriller and earth based scifi . the theme of the story projects a broad, individual element of attraction in its sophisticated and layered story line. in other words the film will have a drama/mystery based, action oriented "good vs. evil" and "overcoming trial" theme on the surface with deeper personal meaning for many with insight into the story's more complex substructure. copyrights ranse parker owns all rights to circle of doors. the screenplay has been registered with wga and a copyright is filed with the library of congress. employment opportunities films of this nature can provide jobs for hundreds of people and positively affect the economies of areas around primary shooting and production locations. it is our intention for the project to be a positive influence to the best of our ability and to promote a positive and professional work environment. it is mr. parker's intention to reinvest potential profits into additional films, including a second "part two" doors film.* as a proponent of self reliance and education, he has related that he would also like to personally form a scholarship foundation when feasible. *mr. parker already has several other original and true life story ideas summarized and ready for development. he will not be accepting story ideas from outside sources at this time. project location  Jimmy Fraud  requires a specific location listing for the project. salt lake city, utah was listed only as a potential base of operations because mr. parker currently lives in utah. production facilities and set locations may actually be located wherever they will best suite the project both nationally and internationally. the bottom line by ranse parker i understand that a fundraising campaign of this nature requires a great deal of trust. it's never easy to trust that someone will actually do what they promise unless you know their professional track record and believe in their abilities and character. it is my hope that through the information provided on this site and others that my character in being a dedicated and honest professional is apparent. about thirty years ago during the summer before my last year of college, i told my humble, small town farmer father that i planned to work for a certain large broadcasting conglomerate out of state. he laughed and said, "you can't do that." i was puzzled by his response because it was my belief that a person can do anything they put their mind and effort to. he meant well and was probably trying to save me from what he thought would be disappointment. more likely it was that he couldn't see beyond what he believed were his own limitations. my vision and perception, on the other hand, was and is substantially more vast. that company hired me as a satellite systems engineer shortly after graduation. another moment in time that has stuck with me was a few years ago when an acquaintance asked what my "backup plan" was if 'the film thing didn't work out.' this was another puzzling comment because in my world you don't plan for success and failure at the same time. if something in the process doesn't work as expected then you reevaluate, adapt, but keep moving forward. if 100% of your effort isn't applied to whatever you're doing, then the results will always be less than what was possible to achieve. your 90% effort might just be 10% short of success. imagine if edison had thought, "i'm going to try 50 elements for this light bulb then give up and go shoe horses." it's recorded that he actually tried over 3,000 designs before finding one that worked and set the standard for everything that followed. "success is what you make it" isn't just a cute catchphrase. it's a fact and a truth that entrepreneurs live by. we aren't passengers in life. we're drivers. and sometimes we even have to build the vehicles we drive in order to get where we want to go. many, including several from my usual list of investors, see the possible success or failure of film as a crap shoot. i believe this is only true when the focus of the film is on anything other than the audience. when in hollywood i primarily saw writers trying to sell to producers and producers looking for material to sell to studios. so who was thinking about what an audience might actually want or not want to see? in any successful business, the primary focus has to be on your end customer. for me and this film project, that end customer is the paying audience . not another producer or studio. a studio is the vehicle to get the film to that audience. regardless where else you may focus during the process, the end customer is ultimately who validates your efforts both professionally and financially. i would like to think that the doors story was given to me to share because i was a good bet to see it through. with that, it is my promise to you who may see value in the project and contribute, that i will do my best to do exactly what i propose here and see that circle of doors becomes a world class movie experience. nothing would mean more to me personally than for those who become involved in the project to be proud of what we will accomplish and achieve. when we all succeed, then i will succeed. let's do something incredible. thank you for your time and consideration.   ranse parker risks and challenges the most challenging unknown in the overall project as we see it will be to acquire production funding. we believe that our completed studio proposal will be attractive to studios and/or film investors. however, there is no guarantee that production funding can or will be sourced for any number of reasons that might be outside our ability to foresee or control. another challenge is to overcome stereotypical assumptions regarding independent film. most seem to assume that any independently produced film is a low budget, niche film intended for sundance or festivals. this is not the case with the doors project. regardless how development funding is sourced, the film is intended for a broad global audience and will be negotiated and produced with that goal always in mind. an important factor in a project this size is to establish multiple levels of leadership in both the managing company and the project itself. the absence of one person, even mr. parker, will not derail the project once these structures are in place. an existing, copyrighted screenplay based on copyrighted original material owned by mr. parker reduces the unlikely possibility of legal challenges regarding copyright infringement and bolsters our legal position should the material be used improperly. as noted in "rewards," all contributors of at least $1,000 will have access to a password protected blog that will outline the progress of the project on a regular basis. we have set these levels to help limit the number of executive producers to manage. while we sincerely appreciate any contribution amount, our primary focus must remain on the development and production of the film. limiting the number of resources to manage will help us better engage those resources and focus on the quality of the project. mr. parker is a resourceful and experienced professional with strong project management skills. he will do everything within reason to see that the film project moves forward as outlined in this campaign. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 