ionwhy nellie? our film offers something other short films do not. our backers and crew have the unique opportunity to recreate a piece of american theater, literature, and history. eugene o’neill is america’s first great playwright! we want to revive his exceptional work, and bring his name back to the forefront of people’s minds. it’s the 100th anniversary! o’neill penned his short play, “abortion” in 1914 at the age of 26. we are celebrating a young artist’s work by paying homage 100 years later. this story had never been put on film! rarely produced for the theatre, we will be the first to adapt this lost work for the camera. many in the newer generations (including, at first, some on our crew) would not be able to tell you who o’neill was. the english know marlow, the french, moliere, and the germans, brecht. so why do our younger generations not know o’neill? we are extremely excited, not only to have come across this opportunity of revival, but also to do work that we are incredibly passionate about. we hope you join us. mr. eugene o'neill story: nellie , is an adapted screenplay from the eugene o’neill short play abortion . the plot follows our lead jack townsend on his day of triumph. young, popular, and on his way to a successful professional baseball career, jack can do no wrong. after pitching his way to a championship win, jack arrives home to his loving family and best friend. accompanied by his beautiful fiance, they are showered with affection and praise. the glorious day is only topped by the perfect night, until jack’s father asks to speak with him in private. his father dives into a secret that refuses to stay buried. ultimately, jack is confronted by the last person he ever expected to see on his day of greatness. project: the project is very unique in the fact that few people have ventured into adapting a 100 year old eugene o’neill piece set in the 1920’s for film. the advantage is that the story takes place all in real time and is set in one room. the location is already locked and is an authentic upscale cabin built in the 1920’s in lake arrowhead, ca. view from lake arrowhead cabin michael lange (director) came at the script with a fresh point of view offering a unique spin to the original play. he saw the short as a psychological thriller in which the lead character jack is strangled by the expectations that come with being wealthy and successful. in this sense, hitchcock has been a continual source of inspiration and reference in preparing the artistic vision for the film, as he was the master of making his characters feel as if the walls were quickly closing in on them. our lead jack, definitely relates to this sensation. the collaborative process has only pushed this project to be the best it can possibly be. each of the five men we have on the team brought extremely creative ideas. no matter what situation arises, there is always at least one member able to look outside of the box and contribute a bold, innovative perspective. already accomplished   before our campaign for funds even began, we have utilized many of our resources to get to this point. we've teamed with participants of loyola marymount university's incubator program, which provides resources and opportunities to talented graduates accepted into the program. this relationship has given our production team free access to high end camera and sound equipment which our filmmaking team is very excited to utilize in the production. it has also freed up an ample portion of the budget which can now be put into production and costume design. we have also forged a strong relationship with timberline in the glen , an antique furniture shop located in cedar glen, ca. we have engaged in a mutually beneficial relationship that allows us to rent set pieces from them. the authenticity of their store will guarantee that the picture we put on screen will scream 1920’s. the location has been generously donated for the week. the fact that we have a free luxury cabin from the 1920's, is a chance of a lifetime. serving set from timberline in the glen fire place gate from timberline in the glen every member of the cast and crew have bought into this story and are completely on board. the amount of talent that has agreed to work on this humble film is truly astonishing. a list can be found below. cast & crew: michael lange director lexi graboski actor joshua nazaroff producer/actor ella wahlstedt actor jackson kendall producer/actor pamela bowen actor mina mohaddess production designer john iadarola producer alex merkle cinematographer andrew napier composer chris gecosala sound designer lauren dellara editor f. bennett viso writer/actor jill pugh hair/makeup shannon mcnulty  script supervisor john iadarola (producer) director’s note: thank you for taking the time to visit our  Jimmy Fraud  page and learn more about the project nellie. for the last four months, i have had the pleasure of working with four extremely passionate and hard working friends on adapting eugene o’neill’s "abortion" into a short film. it has been truly thrilling to watch as the scope and ambition of the project has grown. while adapting the story from stage to screen, our respect and admiration for the source material grew as we realized what a strong and powerful story eugene o’neill created. we felt it was our duty to give the short story new life and an adaptation that is worthy of its writing. eugene o’neill wrote a short story about a young man who must face the consequences for his actions. 100 years later, the themes of this work still deeply resonate. hopefully this  Jimmy Fraud  will find others who are interested in seeing this oft forgotten work from one of america’s great playwrights brought to life through film. i cannot wait to share the finished product with as many people as possible. distribution of money: cast & crew   paying our team members for their time and talented efforts. also making sure their room and board is as quality as can possibly be. costumes   access to costumes for the 1920’s is not cheap. to truly recreate the feel of the twenties, our actors must look legitimate from head to toe. female costume concept male costume concept festival fees   this is a relative unknown to many people. yes, there is an entrance fee to every film festival across the world. once the film is finished, we want to share it as much as possible, and with the number of festivals we plan on approaching, the cost will really add up. we are announcing a stretch goal! this new target will be set to $15000 , and if accomplished, we will be throwing a 1920s themed wrap party in los angeles for all of our backers to attend!!! we are already brimming with cool ideas to bring in that speak easy vibe. any and all new funds over $10000 will go right into the project. our plan is to invest heavier in set pieces and costumes so are to really set the atmosphere of the elite townsend family and immerse our audience in our version of o'neill's world. furthermore, we have high expectations for this film and the money will help us share the project at more world class film festivals! risks and challenges 1) the biggest risk thus far in the project is definitely the fact that we are setting it in the 1920’s. nothing we are putting in front of the camera can lack detail. costumes, furniture, and set dressing all need to be perfect. lucky for us, timberline in the glen has agreed to endorse us, helping out tremendously with the set. 2) time constraints are going to be another issue that our production will face. it would be ideal to shoot this project over a period of five to six days. with the budget we have, this simply will not be possible. we are planning on shooting this in three to four days. yet, we are going to have extensive rehearsals with our actors and cinematographer. this will allow for us to get straight to the cabin and shoot. 3) lastly shooting on location will prove a bit difficult in itself. so many productions nowadays use green screens or flats to achieve their desired results. we believe a film like this should be shot in a location that we would find back in the 1920’s. transportation, lodging, and meals are being meticulously planned. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 