iptionthe konekt dash is a cellular development kit for building internet of things (iot) devices. you can use it to build all sorts of fun connected products like sensors, tracking devices, alarm systems, connected car applications, and more (see examples below). the konekt platform is made to bring enterprise grade features to the individual developer, so its perfect for a solo hobby project or building the connected hardware business of your dreams! each konekt dash comes preloaded with a konekt global sim and 6 months of our basic data plan (1mb/month or 6mb total) . if you need more data, thats cool too; we have great carrier agreements already in place to provide super affordable connectivity at higher data levels (check the deets below for pricing). the konekt dash will work anywhere you get a cellular signal and can easily and securely communicate to the internet or other devices via the konekt cloud. get started right away by choosing the sim only reward tier or one of our cellular ardunio, pi, or beaglebone kits. these rewards ship in may following the completion of the campaign. stretch goals: moar data + konekt swag! we know 6 months of free data is a pretty sweet deal, which is probably why we've more than tripled our original funding goal... but now we're sweetening the pot! help us reach $100,000 in funding and we'll give all of our backers double the data. and there's more! (see the image below for the additional stretch goals you can unlock by backing the dash) . what can i build? some super awesome connected products that use cellular the konekt global sim and data plan you get 6 months of data free when you back us. after that, our plans start at $0.97 per month and work in over +100 countries (detailed listing in faq) the konekt global sim is hardware agnostic (use it in literally any cellular hardware) and will work on both 2g and 3g networks. our sims are available in micro, mini, and nano sim form factors. all plans are month to month and can be canceled at any time. the konekt dash/dash pro: ultra secure 2g/3g dev kit close up shot of the dash and dash pro the dash and dash pro are tiny cellular development kits. they are breadboard able and consist of a micro controller, a best in class cellular modem, onboard battery management and all the other fun stuff you need to build a cellular product. it works like an ardunio and can run firmware written in wiring, c, or arm assembly. it's open source, and infinitely hackable, so you can easily adjust and build the dash into any of your own projects the dash is suitable for any cellular project, but the dash pro has some super awesome features for power users such as: worldwide compatibility via the lisa end to end ssl encryption (including key exchange!) mobile first onboard battery management specs!!! (note: we are using the u260/u270 on the dash, not the g350 which is pictured, sorry for any confusion) a closer look at the konekt dash and dash pro shields and accessories: we've devised a couple of shields to make sure you can get started with a project right away. just add the cost of a shield to your pledge and we'll get you whatever your heart desires when the campaign ends. (note: all shields will have dual footprints for the konekt dash and dash pro) *shield shield will feature connections to raspberry pi pictures of our excellent shields! 3rd party hardware kits the konekt global sim and platform is designed to be modular and completely hardware agnostic. the dash and dash pro solve a lot of the hardware problems of building a cellular product for you, but if you're more comfortable on a different platform then you can utilize any of these 3rd party hardware kits. plus they ship in may so you can get started right away! *pi and beaglebone kits come with a huawei e303 usb modem the konekt cloud you can use all of these features with any hardware, not just the konekt dash. the konekt cloud allows devices to publish data to different topics, log the data and push that data to third party applications/servers on the internet. we also allow pushing to custom servers of your own via webhook. all the heavy lifting of implementing an api or protocol used for an integration is taken from the device and pushed into our cloud, which offers some significant benefits, including: benefits of using the konekt cloud konekt developers workbench the difference between a development kit next to you at your desk and a device in the field lies in the accessibility to diagnostics tools and the ease of accessing the device. a device untethered from diagnostics tools and deployed in the field,especially if connected via others’ wireless or ethernet networks, encounters difficult technical complications. leveraging our specialized iot/m2m cellular network of devices that we have a deep level of access to, plus diagnostics tools we built into our module’s bootloader and default firmware (and also included in our open source sdk in case you’re writing your own), we are closing the gap between the developer and the field. think of it like placing a tiny electrical engineer on every board to help in times of trouble, while simultaneously being connected to a network less volatile to changed essids, wireless keys, or outages than a typical home or business network. we hope to give developers a level of remote access similar to that of physical via a suite of tools we call the konekt developers workbench. our module, firmware, and sdk, complete with these tools, are designed to function as both a development kit and a module ready to be deployed in products. as product needs mature, our device api can be used off module, in order to continue to leverage our workbench tools on whatever platform is needed for your project. konekt developers workbench features: support for arduino, raspberry pi, and more: program the dash in wiring (arduino's code framework), c, or arm assembly, and access our workbench and other platform features via our sdk in python and other languages a rest api to make your hardware talk: interact with the dash like any other web service api. with docs in every language from java to python to ruby to go, you can get started in minutes. utilize data saving webhooks. or get really minimal with our socket protocols . a pub/sub queue with packet level diagnostics: easily publish data from your new sensor or other connected product to our pub/sub queue. easily subscribe to route data into any 3rd party app. even store your data securely! real time data monitor: view your data stream in real time. compare device data streams to troubleshoot on the fly. over the air firmware updates: reprogram your dash wirelessly whether it's in your backpack, in the middle of corn field, or on a shipping container. virtually unbrickable (unless you do it on purpose...we can't help you there) plug and play passthrough cloud uart, cloud gpio, and cloud reset of a connected device: use the dash to integrate with another microcontroller (e.g. arduino or others), peripheral (e.g. a sensor), or system (e.g. raspberrypi, beagle, or others) just like being connected to the other component via wire konekt's developer workbench is open source and hackable. we use and support open standards like http, ssl, aes, mqtt, and coap security: not all iot encryption promises are the same! many people simply assume that cellular networks provide transmitted data sufficient protection from eavesdropping; however data travelling over the wired links that make up cellular networks is largely in plaintext form and susceptible to interception at the cell site, network switches, and on the leased lines themselves. neat graphic about iot security. there are reasons we perform end to end encryption of communications (ssl, https) from personal computers and devices to destination servers on the internet, even over wired internet connections, and the internet of things shouldn't be any less than on par with today's ubiquitous standards we are offering the konekt dash pro version, complete with ssl encrypted over the air key exchange and update to simplify and secure the entire key management lifecycle. deploy devices and automate many or all key management tasks through our konekt cloud, without needing to touch each and every module with a programming wire. team: ben forgan . ceo of konekt, and relentless tinkererer. ben has started companies on 3 continents, as an early employee at groupon, a venture developer at rocket internet and the guy who launched australia at hotelquickly. has a strong affinity for well designed objects, tiki drinks, chicken wings, and perfectly poured ristretto shots. pat wilbur . cto of konekt, systems architect with +10 years m2m experience, and inventor of talking gnomes and near space weather balloon communications systems. occasionally, he climbs mountains or sips cortados, but never both. reuben balik. full stack engineer, has years of experience developing innovative software and spends his days working to make the konekt api as powerful as possible. when he's not staring at a computer screen you will often find him in the depths of a netflix binge or navigating a cessna 172 along the shoreline of lake michigan. pat hogan. full stack engineer, pat enjoys generating some serious funk both in his code and in his music. he's worked on projects ranging from plc ladder programming, cell data optimization, and angular web app development. in winter, he prefers hanging out west wherever there's fresh pow   and for summer, there's no better place than chicago. jeff chenoweth. head of content marketing, chicagoan and recovering michigander. when he’s not overanalyzing the next blog post or tutorial he’s compiling in a hyper caffeinated state, he’s probably eating a hamburger or attending a rock and roll show in a smelly basement. daniel lindmark. electrical engineer with 15 years design and manufacturing experience who despises full sentences. adventure capitalist / serial engineer / bringer of digital ragnarok / works well with singularity / hacker / maker / artist / burner / entrepreneur thank you! we look forward to building the future of cellular with you! risks and challenges cellular can be very challenging and thats why we got into this in the first place. we've learned quite a bit over the past few years building konekt, but like any other project there are some risks. we have done quite a bit of research and legwork up front to mitigate the risks and we expect everything to go smoothly. that said here are the potential issues. supply chain we are working to get the dash into your hands as quickly as humanly possible. we have been hard at work for some time establishing a supply chain in advance of the campaign, but of course there will always be elements out of our control (component shortages, national holidays, etc). our team has built connected products before and we have trusted relationship with our manufactures and suppliers; if there are delays or unforeseen circumstances we are 100% confident that they will be transparent with us, which allows us to be transparent with you. industry cellular is a complex and ever changing world. it is always possible that there will be regulatory or technical changes which can have an impact on hardware and carrier agreements. we've done a tremendous amount of research and put much though into the konekt dash hardware and platform to mitigate these risks, but they still exist. cost and carrier geography konekt uses a complex network of carrier agreements to arrive at the super competitive pricing you see above. from time to time the agreements can change, resulting in changes in price or in available coverage areas/countries. negative changes are infrequent; costs generally fall and new coverage areas generally open, but they can occur. we are usually notified far in advance of impending changes (both positive and negative) and we will be sure to convey them to you. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 