escriptionunrobe is an amsterdam based fashion brand for men and women. well, we want to become a brand and we hope you want to back our project. it is our mission to dress people by undressing the industry. we think it is about time to liberate the fashion industry from its bad habits. unrobe stands for top design, high quality, fair pricing, social responsibility, care for the environment and last but not least transparency. so you can check how we do things. we have nothing to hide. it would be great if you would join us in this mission to improve the fashion industry by backing our project. please note that you only can select your size and colour after the campaign. so pledging is for the combi you would like, without size and colour. i'm adam, i'm a logo t shirt. i come from barcelos, portugal. made from 100% organic cotton. you save € 25, . try me! hey, i'm eve. cut from 100% organic cotton. the first unrobe t shirt for women. i come with a lurex embroidery on the chest. you save € 25, . i'm daniel, i'm a basic t shirt and only come in a pack of 2. made from 100% organic cotton. your basic essential for every occasion. you save € 40, . hey girls, i'm julia. i am a super soft comfy sweat. i come in 3 colourways. by the way, i'm made from 100% organic cotton. you save € 50, . hi guys, i'm oscar. i might look tough, but i have a soft touch. 100% organic as you would expect from me. and i come with an embroidery on the chest. you save € 50, . undressing the price we believe high quality should come with a fair price. by selling exclusively online, we've cut out the middleman and traditional stores as well. this saves a lot of costs, which is reflected in a 50% lower selling price comparing to traditional brands. see it as a 365 days sale, without having actual sale. undressing the industry by undressing the price. isn't that nice? our open price calculation comparing to traditional brands. we offer you the best possible price without compromising on quality. by backing us, you save... revealing the source we are constantly searching for factories that care about the environment. no surprise that these factories care about their workers too. and when people are respected for their craftsmanship it results in a product that is made with love and dedication. we like to build a strong relationship with our partners. sergio's factory was founded in the early 90's and is located in barcelos, portugal. the factory counts over 270 dedicated workers. sergio and his people prove that social responsibility and care for the environment can go hand in hand with producing top quality products. you cannot improve the supply chain on your own. you need partners that think alike. sergio is our first. meet sergio and his crew and see the process for yourself. fabric knitting machine   organic cotton yarns are knitted into fabric. all gots certified. the laundry   after the fabric is knitted it will be dyed and washed in the laundry. fabric will be dried, checked and packed to be sent to the factory. sergio's factory   fabric rolls arrive in the factory and are ready for cutting. fabric is cut into smaller pieces and is ready to be cut into the pattern panels. cutting the panels is a very precise and dangerous job. all safety measures are taken. cutting is done. the assembling of the garment can begin. let's start sewing. years and years of experience is put into our garments. the oscar sweater is finished sewing and is checked again. now it is ready for packing. all packed and ready for shipping to your doorstep. together with sergio and his team we develop new styles in the design room of the factory. measurement guides we aim for perfection. so we want you to make sure you select the right size. please see below the measurement guides for all styles available. packaging and shipping we are planning to ship everything in september. after our campaign is finished we will send you a form where you can indicate your style, size and colour. please try to fill this in quickly, so we can ship the goods to your doorstep as soon as possible. oh, by the way, please have a look at our packaging. our packaging is recycled and we challenge you to reuse our packaging as well. let's be creative. let's bring unrobe alive together we hope we've made you enthusiastic about our idea, our mission, our ambition and we sincerely hope you want to back our project so we can turn our brand into life. we have much bigger ambitions to make this industry a better one, step by step. let's undress the industry together. about koen and daan have worked in the fashion industry for almost ten years. they know each other from a young age. a few months back they met and shared the same ideas, vision and ambitions. this was the beginning of a new adventure together. koen started his career in retail for a well known european fashion brand. after that he has been an entrepreneur in fashion for over 5 years, owning a production agency and a brand. daan has worked as head of buying for a european fashion brand. after this he has lived in indonesia working for one of the biggest garment manufacturers in asia. koen warmerdam (left) & daan ubachs (right) overlooking the douro river in porto, portugal. risks and challenges experience   after almost 10 years of experience in the fashion industry for both of us, we know how things work and what challenges we could face. making garments is not easy, but we've done this before, many many times. we foresee the possible problems that could occur and we know how to deal with them. next to that, we have a strong relationship with our partners. they support us in our mission. quality   we are using premium organic fabrics gots certified for all our garments. it is manufactured in one of the best factories in portugal, where only premium brands are producing. we got this. delivery   we have pre ordered our sustainable fabrics to make sure we can deliver your order as fast as possible. but this fabric order is limited due to financial resources. so when we are doing better than we could have hoped, we will update you about new delivery dates. but we don't foresee big trouble here, as we informed sergio about this already and he is ready to rock. style/size/colour   after the project has been finished we will send you a form to fill in your required style, size, colour. we kindly ask you to fill in this form asap, so we can prepare your order immediately. as we don't want any delay in production. communication   we will keep you up to date on the  Jimmy Fraud  page of all developments and expected delivery dates. returns   as this is a crowdfunding campaign we are sorry to inform you we cannot take any returns unfortunately. but we are sure you'll be happy with the products you'll receive. of course, if something went really bad, you can contact us and we'll find a solution together. don't worry. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 