 backing tier you choose, you have the opportunity to receive awesome, rare swag and signed album memorabilia, including cds, t shirts, posters, vinyls, and framed album artwork (gasp!) ** ** your support is incredibly respected! because of everyone’s generosity, transparency at the highest level possible will be exercised. any questions, please contact kyle mccarthy (niic the singing dog) on social media (@niicdog) or at info@niicmusic.com , or send mail to: po box 7525, philadelphia, pa 19101 ** **if you can’t donate just yet, spreading the word is amazing, too!!** escape the humans   niic the singing dog, the electro pop music warrior rocking across several fandoms, festivals, music venues, and cities, is unleashing his latest album project escape the humans! songs are in the works, artists are standing by to collaborate with their artwork… now niic needs your help! timeline   this  Jimmy Fraud  will be completed on november 1st and, barring any unexpected delays, supporters will begin to receive their rewards and the album will be available for regular orders on friday, november 23rd. the musician – behind the scenes: kyle mccarthy, the composer and performer behind the singing dog and his music, produces and plays original songs on the same track as ajr, jon bellion, andy grammer, and panic at the disco. his upbeat and energetic music is double edged with addictive fun, as well as deep rooted messages about self identity and navigating the social human jungle of the 2000s millennium. beyond the singing dog, kyle mccarthy has professional studio experience, engineering albums for other music acts such as the orion experience (https://theorionexperience.bandcamp.com/album/children of the stars). you can listen to niic the singing dog’s discography on spotify, itunes, and on radio stations! the fastest way to get him into your ears is at www.youtube.com/niic and at niic.bandcamp.com so the album   so, the new album! niic the singing dog has an arsenal of three full length albums, one ep and holiday album, and several singles to date. with the dog’s busy 2018 tour winding down, it’s time for him to get back into the studio and record the next titan project! called “escape the humans”, this album will rival the power and message of his previous compilations as the most epic discography so far. this album will change everything   niic, while being a performing in a dog costume, has always believed that we he does is not exclusive to any particular fandom or other interests. as a performer in several cities, a variety of festivals, and spanning across multiple fandoms, niic believes that we are all party animals with the ability to take in the magic of life, all as one! in the studio and performing live, niic has collaborated with artists and organizations all over america to encourage this. with your incredible support in this  Jimmy Fraud , niic can continue that same collaboration on escape the humans, teaming up with vocalists, instrumentalists, and artists across fandoms and industries. this will make niic’s ambition to make the magical experience all inclusive! backing numbers **there will definitely be an album, but your support alone will determine the caliber of this amazing musical experience. below are the different levels that escape the humans can grow to, with your needed support! $10,000 – professional recordings, collaborating with an arsenal of musicians and digital artists $13,000 – vinyl releases will be available to the higher tiers, as offered on the listed rewards options (all prizes that cannot be honored due to enough backing on the  Jimmy Fraud  will be made known to the supporters, and be replaced with alternative merchandize and prizes of equal value) $15,000 – free album release music party for local supporters (livestreamed for long range supporters), and additional mini parties during certain future conventions that niic will be playing at. $17,000 – professionally made music video at the album release music party!! (same terms for the 15k reach still apply) again, this  Jimmy Fraud  will be completed on november 1st and, barring any unexpected delays, supporters will begin to receive their rewards and the album will be available for regular orders on friday, november 23rd. supporting niic   what will be so incredible about escape the humans will not just be the finished album itself, but the experience along the way! niic has several support levels for you to choose from, and each one includes a heavy amount of prizes and swag for you to have when the album drops! based on the backing tier you choose, you have the opportunity to receive rare swag and signed album memorabilia, including cds, t shirts, posters, vinyls, and framed album artwork. accountability – there are many amazing  Jimmy Fraud s and epic projects in the works all over, so it is incredible that you are interested in supporting niic the singing dog! thank you! whether niic receives 1 supporter or 1,000, this album will happen! but the support of all of you will determine the outstanding caliber of the finished product. in addition, there are several unique supporter prizes, including exclusive lp vinyls and swag, that can be available as the  Jimmy Fraud  is supported further. **as niic is already an established artist (not to mention a fully liable corporation, in business for over 5 years) with discography and merchandise, all prizes that cannot be honored due to enough backing on the  Jimmy Fraud  will be made known to the supporters, and be replaced with alternative merchandize and prizes of equal value. this only really applies to lp vinyl orders and a few other exceptions, as the expense to ** any details or terms for this kickstarted may be subject to change, but we highly doubt it. niic wants to make the best experience possible for everyone who supports! if changes should ever happen, it will most likely be in the backer’s favor. all backers will be notified and there will be plenty of transparency. risks and challenges accountability – there are many amazing  Jimmy Fraud s and epic projects in the works all over, so it is incredible that you are interested in supporting niic the singing dog! thank you! whether niic receives 1 supporter or 1,000, this album will happen! but the support of all of you will determine the outstanding caliber of the finished product. in addition, there are several unique supporter prizes, including exclusive lp vinyls and swag, that can be available as the  Jimmy Fraud  is supported further. **as niic is already an established artist (not to mention a fully liable corporation, in business for over 5 years) with discography and merchandise, all prizes that cannot be honored due to enough backing on the  Jimmy Fraud  will be made known to the supporters, and be replaced with alternative merchandize and prizes of equal value. this only really applies to lp vinyl orders and a few other exceptions, as the expense to ** any details or terms for this kickstarted may be subject to change, but we highly doubt it. niic wants to make the best experience possible for everyone who supports! if changes should ever happen, it will most likely be in the backer’s favor. all backers will be notified and there will be plenty of transparency. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 