tionclick here to see happy accident rap about overcoming challenges! what are we doing with your money? we're using your money to produce a conscious hip hop album dense with empowering messages and innovative sounds! we've already put tons of energy, time, and money into this project, and your contributions will help give this album the launch it deserves! your contributions make this possible. we've already recorded the music, but still need support with the following items: 1. final studio recording   80% complete!!! 2. mastering the music (audio technician to finalize digital tracks) 3. album cover and original art prints by kiptoe (artwork for the archetype of each main track, available as prints and to go into album booklet with lyrics) 4. music video production (medicine man music video directed by leo gibbs of backwoodz studios) 5. album printing and production any amount helps, please support the vision and share this page to spread the word and bring this project to life! thank you and supreme blessings to you! this truly is not possible without you and we deeply appreciate your time, energy, and support. peace! like most worthwhile creative endeavors, this project was born from a broken heart... background happy accident has been writing poetry and singing jazz standards most of her life. she comes from a long line of jazz musicians, her grandmother was jazz singer betty scott, so the music is in her blood. she has also loved hip hop since she was a child   the miseducation of lauryn hill came out when she was 6 years old and thankfully her mom played it all the time. so at a very young age she experienced firsthand the power of achieving personal liberation through singing and rhyming    and the tremendous difference it makes for young girls to hear positive and uplifting messages from female artists committed to their craft. emceeing came as a natural extension of poetry and vocal improvisation, and she graduated from writing poetry to writing rap songs her senior year of college. this became a major force in healing a long and deep depression. about a year and a half after she began, she released her first ep, "in no sense lost" (november 2015). one of her favorite songs on this project, "pennies for heaven", featured srikala, a dear friend and huge inspiration in happy's budding musical career. this was their first collaboration (in this lifetime, at least) and fused jazz and hip hop in a way she had always dreamed of. it also planted the seed for future collaborative work with srikala, but she "had no idea what would blossom would be so profound." since releasing the ep, she's been nonstop writing, recording, performing, freestyling, curating events, hosting jam sessions, and building not only her own artistic practice but also her ability to support others on their journey. inner grounds is the next level of musical expression, not just for happy accident but also for the evolution of the what's possible with this art form. the story inner grounds is happy accident's first album, and it speaks to the process of creative transmutation: the act of taking your pain, trauma, fear or frustration and transforming it in the act of self expression. this has become a cornerstone of happy's work as a creative coach, but she could only share this after she went through this process myself. here's how it went down in her own words: "i fell in love. or at least, i thought i did. whatever it was, i fell hard. this person represented an ideal of something i had been seeking for a long time, and i was completely drawn in. i started writing a poem/song, and kept coming back to this hook of 'medicine man / i met a medicine man / he met me where i am with a feather in hand'. let's just say things didn't work out with aforementioned person, and i was left alone with an unfinished verse and a whole lot of anger, sadness, and frustration. after an appropriate period of wallowing in aforementioned sadness, i revisited this "medicine man" verse. i knew i had to update and complete it, and so i did. this time, i came at it with renewed fervor to reclaim the power i had given away, and to find completion from this relationship. i realized in the writing process that everything i admired in this other person, was merely a reflection of what was inside of me. in the writing process, i released the sadness, blame, guilt, and frustration and cultivated a deep sense of peace, forgiveness, and a profound love and admiration for the one person who will always be with me   myself. right before the turn of 2016 into 2017, i called up my dear friend srikala to catch up. i shared with him the medicine man verse. on a whim, i asked if he had beats for it. he did. on our next phone call, i said 'sri, let's finally make our album'. and inner grounds was born..." the songs each song represents an archetype and aspect of the human experience that touches upon the personal and collective, the sacred and profane, the wild and the elegant. each song offers a space for you to discover a new awareness within yourself. each song holds a prayer for the happiness and freedom of all beings. the tracks are: human nature hauntingly beautiful harp strings float like air over a bumping beat, dancing with melodic vocal loops to create a gorgeous musical tapestry. the songs dive into the question of "what is human nature?". the lyrics are reflective, and move effortlessly between the individual and collective aspects, as well as the shadow and the light. you won't be able to get this one out of your head. inner child we all have much to learn from the inner child, and this song is straight bars calling forth the playful energy of pure joy and presence. the beat is co produced by jackson whalan, and also features rhymes by srikala. alice / growing pains a spoken word piece inspired by a young poet named alice. with a haunting backdrop of vocal harmonies, this piece brings us into the depths of yearning to find oneself in an environment where you just can't seem to fit in. this piece calls forth the incredible solace and freedom that music and poetry offers. wild woman a call to activate divine intuition and the wild nature within all of us. this beat is straight out of that wilderness, and will have you moving and shaking with raw primal energy. the lyrics speak to the liberation of women worldwide, and the rising of the divine feminine    which exists within every being, regardless of gender. this song was inspired by my sister (elizabeth), who is a fierce wild woman through and through. i have found myself fed up seeing so many wise and powerful women held back or held down by circumstance, old narratives, false ideals, and the expectations of people around them    i wrote this song to shake these chains from my own being and the intention of it is to open that space for all who listen. medicine man we slow down the pace here, with a fluid and rich track featuring piano and live guitar by gavi grodsky. rock n' roll and jazz influences move the song and the story along. immersive and expansive, medicine man traces a narrative of remembering and returning to oneself, and love as the most powerful force of healing and transformation in the universe. divine alignment is a conscious hip hop anthem of epic proportions, featuring a multitude of emcees who work daily to elevate themselves, other people, and the planet. it's a battlecry for all the spiritual warriors out there, and all people in the fight for freedom to rise, tap into their voice, and use it for the highest good. this one's full of fire and will have you vibing hard. for the earth this song is a prayer, pure and simple. i would not say i "wrote" this song. rather, i asked the higher power what to sing. i sat and meditated with my drum and let the drumbeat carry the words and melody from the divine in my heart. i merely transcribed the message. me and my drum. light painting by chanette manso. creating this music was a powerful journey of self discovery that happy says she will "remain eternally thankful for." her deepest desire is to share these intentions with the world and launch this project in a way where it can reach as many people as possible. but this isn't possible without your generosity and support. why contribute? when you support this project, you aren't just supporting happy accident or srikala    you are supporting the global movement for conscious media. you are supporting music that matters, music that digs beneath the surface and seeks to uplift and inspire. you are supporting sacred fat beats and thoughtful, intricate lyricism. you are supporting a new form of musical expression because truly, there is nothing like this that exists yet. risks and challenges both srikala and myself have extremely full and abundant lives, which means scheduling can be tricky. however, having the financial support will enable both of us to prioritize the completion of this project by the scheduled time. once the financial aspect is covered, i do not foresee any other risks or challenges. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 