tionhidnseek is a smart global positioning tracking device with no gsm fee   which connects using the low cost sigfox network and an easy to use smartphone application. our concept for hidnseek is based on creating a smart gps tracker which not only provides you with 5 minutes accurate geo localisation update, combined with a low cost connectivity fee, but we've also integrated a number of features to enhance your user experience. we've developed a unique "body guard" feature to alert you in the event that your device remains motionless for a period of time of your choosing, and also "motion sensor", that can act as a security system, which can alert you if an entry has been breached. hidnseek is unequalled, bringing you all this functionality bundled together in a tiny little device, giving you the perfect combination of size, weight, operational hours, flexibility and price. so why consider hidnseek as your tracker? hidnseek determines its location accurately with gps technology and broadcasts your data using sigfox network connectivity, meaning its range extends as far as the sigfox network coverage. sigfox have committed to rolling out their connectivity across the globe; spain, france, netherlands, portugal are covered, 10 major uk cities (london, birmingham, glasgow, liverpool, bristol, sheffield, manchester, leeds, edinburgh, leicester) and america is on the way but only san francisco bay covered at this point. sigfox announced couples days ago their roll out in denmark for the major cities by this summer with completion scheduled by may 2016. more countries are going to be covered within the next couples of months. this makes hidnseek so versatile you can find just about anything, anywhere! other tracking devices use bluetooth or cellular tower technology to locate their devices, both of which have limitations: bluetooth has a limited detection span of 40 meters maximum, and cellular tower technology has limited geo localization accuracy, which may be greater than 500 meters. hidnseek has the range and accuracy to track things that are truly out of sight, giving you, peace of mind that your things can never really be lost. by integrating a mems accelerometer component, we've developed a feature we call "body guard", making hidnseek much more than just a gps tracker. enable this option on your smartphone and you can activate your hidnseek stationery alert mode. select a stationary alert period, share your tracker id with your partner or siblings and they will receive a notification on their smartphone if your hidnseek device remains static beyond your chosen stationery alert period. perhaps you can’t check on an elderly relative as often as you would like or you want to ensure your loved ones are safe during their sporting expeditions. by sharing your tracker id and with “body guard” mode activated, anyone you trust can be alerted directly and notified of the exact location should there be no movement observed for a period of time from 1 15 minutes. hidnseek goes beyond telling you where things are... with inbuilt geo fencing technology, you can predefine a set of boundaries, such as your school, neighbourhood, construction site or even around your mooring at the marina... and if your hidnseek device enters or exits a geo fence, you will receive a notification directly to your smartphone. this function will also be useful to alert you if your drone goes out of reach and gps tracking will help you to retrieve your drone if it goes down. however, gps tracking and geo fencing functionality is not just for personal use. it's also perfect for enterprises. knowing where your equipment is and that it is secure will play an important role in your productivity. hidnseek also offers you "motion sensor". using its inbuilt accelerometer, this technology can be used as a security system for your home, summer house, camping car or even your car. set "motion sensor" on your smartphone app and attach your hidnseek to your door or place it in the side pocket of your car door. if the door is opened your smartphone will notify you immediately wherever you are in the world. you no longer need to rely on an expensive security alarm system to secure your cherished possessions. hidnseek's autonomous power supply and connectivity combined with the motion sensor functionality makes it the ultimate solution to your security needs. hidnseek's smartphone application will be available for ios, android and windows phone. the number of hidnseek devices that can be tracked and logged in the application is limitless. we've designed our app to make it easy for you to register, select your settings, view and amend the functionality that you require for each of your hidnseek devices and we've made it personal; by enabling you to customise your device names, your geo fences and alert messages. we've also introduced a feature to add an image to identify your devices and make tracking as easy as possible. to share your device with people you trust, simply provide the registration key and they can add it to their hidnseek app. now you both can receive all geo localisation feeds and notifications for any shared device. you can also view the most recent geo localisation history for each hidnseek device. you can also check the battery life status for all your hidnseek devices and receive a notification when your device needs to be recharged. most global tracking devices use gsm network connections, which are known to be very power intensive and which greatly limit tracking capability. most devices sacrifice the frequency of geo localisation updates to preserve power consumption, and some don’t even have a rechargeable option! hidnseek uses the sigfox network to connect to the global network. sigfox provides a high capacity network with very low energy consumption. hidnseek doesn't need to sacrifice the frequency of geo localisation updates. not only can you choose the frequency of updates you require to suit your personal needs and minimise power consumption, but hidnseek is also rechargeable using micro usb, and our smartphone app will notify you when each device needs to be recharged. hidnseek has it all! have a look at our battery life span for your preferred geo localisation frequency. the hidnseek open source hardware is based on the atmel atmega328p mcu (same as arduino) and distributed under the creative commons attribution share alike license. at hidnseek, we believe in the benefits of collaborative participation so our firmware source code will be publicly accessible for developer enhancement. we decided upon open source hardware because we realized that so many great ideas in the world have been binned before having a chance to be explored. the idea of open source is to allow you to enhance the firmware source code to customise the end user application. hidnseek provides you with this opportunity, which no other conventional tracker can give you. we are really proud to deliver hidnseek to the marketplace as the first smart gps product to allow the developer community to have their say and influence on the firmware development to enhance features for the benefit of everyone. hidnseek determines its position using gps (global positioning system) and will transmit up to 140 geo localisation updates per 24 hour period to our servers via the sigfox network. how you decide to use it is up to you. we recognise the importance of maximising your update capability so we've made hidnseek smart enough to recognise that if your device hasn't moved since it's last update then we really don't need to waste your daily quota. this functionality will also preserve your battery life. we've also enabled hidnseek to facilitate a geo localisation update every 5 minutes if that's what you require. sigfox also permits two way communications with hidnseek, which enables you to change your geo localisation settings up to four times per day. for example you might want to set "body guard" during your sporting event and switch it off once it's over. the location of all your hidnseek devices can be displayed automatically on your smartphone. we are currently in the final stages of our prototype testing: we have completed the test board stage. we've also finished developing the module firmware and completed the testing against the test board and we're currently developing our smart phone application. hidnseek has successfully proven that our concept works and we now have our first production release in development. hidnseek app development work in progress... soon we will commence our beta testing and evaluation of our device, which should enable us to meet our delivery schedule starting in september. support beta testing evaluation phase, complete server setup, finalize development of smartphone applications, device certifications program   ce certification. the founders: we've known each other since university and we're both passionate about the internet of things (iot), innovation and technology; stéphane driussi is a senior microelectronic specialist working in digital design and xavier torres tuset is a senior technologist in the hardware industry. “ we want to bring a creative vision into reality “ we've been building innovative solutions from the ground up for years...and we've demonstrated the ability to overcome many challenges with the hidnseek project. our goal is to deliver to you more than just a tracker, by bundling revolutionary new functionalities together with ultra low cost connectivity in an affordable and accurate gps locator. we believe hidnseek has so many possible applications and we'll be looking forward to your feedback so that we can hear how you want hidnseek to evolve. we are very proud to bring this revolutionary and versatile product to the market place and we want to thank you for all your support! please let us know if you have any questions, comments or suggestions. you can leave your questions on the comments page or send us an email to: contact@hidnseek.fr don't forget to like and follow us on facebook: http://www.facebook.com/myhidnseek or send us a tweet: @myhidnseek are there any additional subscription fees? yes, there is an annual subscription fee required for connectivity to the network.our introductory connection fee offer during the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is €12 per annum (€1 per month) for the first year. in year 2, hidnseek will charge €19.90 per annum for connectivity to the network. you can renew your connection each year via our easy to use top up web platform. other gps trackers have much higher connectivity fees. this is what makes hidnseek truly disruptive and unique. ref 2015 gps tracker review what network coverage is currently available and what future plans are there for network expansion? sigfox have just raised $100m capital to expand their network in the usa. there is already a very large network coverage in europe. you can checkout the latest sigfox coverage update here (60 countries by 2020). the internet of things will represent a $20 billion marketplace by 2020, and sigfox is the leader in the low cost connectivity for the iot (internet of things). current coverage and network deployment priorities where hidnseek can operate: will hidnseek be commercially available to the us? as a result of limited sigfox coverage in the us at this time, we've decided not to certify our product for the us, canada, south america   we will pursue our product certification once sigfox network is in place in these countries. how can i recharge my hidnseek device? you can recharge your device using a micro usb cable, which we provide with your device. what are the hidnseek dimensions? hidnseek enclosure is 85x48x15mm (3.34 x1.88 x 0.59 in) what is the weight of the hidnseek device? 46g how accurate is the hidnseek geo localisation? hidnseek geo localisation is very accurate < 10 meters. what is the maximum number of geo localisation updates per day? you can receive up to 140 geo localisation update per day (sigfox) within a 24 hours period. how frequent can i receive a geo localisation update? you can choose the geo localisation update frequency that suits your needs. the most frequent update that hidnseek can offer is as often as every 5 minutes. can i track my car movements with hidnseek? sigfox advises that moving devices are supported at low speed but no specific speed is guaranteed. does hidnseek have a flight mode setting? yes, hidnseek has a setting for airplane mode, which can be selected from your hidnseek application. is the hidnseek device water resistant? hidnseek is not waterproof and will not work if submerged underwater, however it will be able to withstand ambient moisture. can you set different update frequencies for different time intervals such as daytime and nighttime? we don't have an automated solution for this just yet, however it is possible to manually change your frequency using the smartphone app. how do i register and pay my annual connection fee? you can pay your annual subscription fee via our web service, which will automatically issue you with a unique key to activate your hidnseek service. how can i update the hidnseek firmware? you can update the firmware through the arduino interface or avrdude (the device is recognized as an usbasp programmer). i have a question, which is not on the faq's. how can i ask my question? please email your question to: contact@hidnseek.fr hidnseek is now ready for mass production, but we need your help to make it a reality for you. thanks for your support. hidnseek est un dispositif intelligent de localisation   qui se connecte à internet en utilisant le réseau sigfox et une application smartphone simple à utiliser. notre concept pour hidnseek est basé sur la création d'un tracker gps sur internet avec un faible coût de connectivité qui en plus de vous donner une mise à jour de sa géo localisation toutes les cinq minutes, vous permet un certain nombre de fonctionnalités. nous avons développé une caractéristique unique, « body guard », pour vous alerter dans le cas où votre appareil reste immobile pendant une période de temps de votre choix et aussi « motion sensor » qui agit comme un système de sécurité, pour vous alerter si un mouvement a été détecté. toutes ces fonctionnalités font de hidnseek un produit innovant, tout en offrant une combinaison parfaite entre la taille, le poids, l’autonomie, et le faible coût de fonctionnement. alors, pourquoi envisager l’achat du tracker hidnseek ? hidnseek détermine son emplacement avec précision à l'aide de la technologie gps et diffuse vos données en utilisant le réseau connecté sigfox, ce qui signifie que sa couverture de fonctionnement s’étend aussi loin que la couverture du réseau sigfox. sigfox s’est engagé à déployer sa connectivité à travers le monde: l’espagne, la france, le pays bas et le portugal sont couverts. au royaume uni, 10 grandes villes sont couvertes (londres, birmingham, glasgow, liverpool, bristol, sheffield, manchester, leeds, edimbourg, leicester). le déploiement de sigfox dans les grandes villes du danemark sera effectif cet été et le pays sera totalement couvert en mai 2016. le déploiement aux etats unis commence, mais seulement la baie de san francisco est couverte à ce stade. plus de pays vont être couverts dans les prochains mois. cela rend hidnseek si polyvalent que vous pouvez le retrouver à peu près n’importe où ! d’autres dispositifs de géo localisation utilisent la technologie bluetooth communautaire ou triangulation avec les tours gsm pour se localiser. cependant ces méthodes ont toutes les deux une limitation:   le bluetooth a une distance de communication limitée à 40 mètres au maximum   la technologie de triangulation avec une tour cellulaire a une précision limitée, qui peut être supérieure à 500 mètres. hidnseek a la portée et la précision de suivre tout ce qui est vraiment hors de votre vue, en vous donnant la tranquillité d'esprit que ce qui vous est cher peut être vraiment retrouvé. en intégrant un accéléromètre mems, nous avons ajouté une fonctionnalité que nous appelons « body guard », faisant d’hidnseek beaucoup plus que juste un tracker gps. activez cette option sur votre smartphone et vous pouvez être notifié d’une alerte. sélectionnez une période d'alerte stationnaire, partagez votre id avec votre famille ou amis et ils recevront une notification sur leur smartphone si votre dispositif hidnseek reste statique au delà d’une période d'alerte choisie. peut être que vous ne pouvez pas rendre visite aussi souvent que vous le souhaitez à un parent âgé ou que vous voudriez vous assurer que vos proches sont en sécurité pendant leurs expéditions sportives. en partageant votre id tracker et avec le mode « body guard » activé, quelqu'un en qui vous avez confiance peut être alerté directement et informé de l'emplacement exact à partir du moment où aucun mouvement ne sera observé pendant une période de temps de votre choix. avec la technologie de barrière virtuelle (géofencing), vous pouvez prédéfinir un ensemble de limites, comme votre école, quartier, chantier de construction ou même autour de votre amarrage à la marina... et si votre dispositif hidnseek entre ou sort d'une géo barrière, vous recevrez une notification directement sur votre smartphone. toutefois, le suivi gps et la fonctionnalité de géo repérage ne sont pas seulement dédiés à un usage personnel. il est également parfait pour les entreprises. savoir où votre équipement est et qu'il est sécurisé jouera un rôle important dans votre productivité. hidnseek vous propose également la fonction « motion sensor (détecteur de mouvement)». utilisant son accéléromètre intégré, cette technologie peut être utilisée comme un système de sécurité pour votre maison, résidence secondaire, un camping car, votre voiture, votre scooter et votre vélo. ce « capteur de mouvement » vous avertit immédiatement sur votre application smartphone où que vous soyez dans le monde. plus besoin de compter sur un système d'alarme de sécurité coûteux pour sécuriser vos biens les plus chers. l’alimentation autonome, la connectivité indépendante combinée avec la fonctionnalité de capteur de mouvement font de hidnseek la solution adéquate pour répondre à vos besoins de sécurité. l’application smartphone de hidnseek sera disponible pour ios, android et windows phone. le nombre d'appareils hidnseek qui peuvent être suivis et connectés dans l'application est sans limite. nous avons conçu notre application pour la rendre facile d’utilisation; s’inscrire, sélectionner vos paramètres, visualiser et modifier les fonctionnalités dont vous avez besoin pour chacun de vos dispositifs hidnseek deviennent un jeu d’enfants. vous avez la possibilité de personnaliser le nom de vos dispositifs, vos géo barrières et vos messages d'alerte. nous avons également introduit une fonctionnalité pour ajouter une image pour identifier vos dispositifs et pour que le suivi soit aussi facile que possible. pour partager votre appareil avec des personnes de confiance, il vous suffit de fournir la clé d'enregistrement et ils pourront ainsi l’ajouter à leur application hidnseek. vous pourrez alors recevoir à la fois tous les flux de géo localisation et des notifications pour n'importe quel dispositif partagé. vous avez également la possibilité de consulter l’historique de la géo localisation pour chaque dispositif hidnseek. vous pouvez aussi vérifier l'état de vie de la batterie pour tous vos dispositifs hidnseek et recevoir une notification lorsque votre appareil a besoin d'être rechargé. la plupart des trackers utilisent le réseau gsm, qui est connu pour être très rapide et donc consommateur d’énergie ce qui limite grandement la capacité de suivi dans le temps. la majorité des appareils sacrifie la fréquence des mises à jour de géo localisation pour préserver la consommation d'énergie, et certains ne sont même pas rechargeables ! hidnseek utilise le réseau sigfox pour se connecter au réseau mondial. sigfox fournit un réseau à haute capacité communicante avec une consommation d'énergie très faible. hidnseek n'a pas besoin de sacrifier la fréquence de ses mises à jour de géo localisation. non seulement vous pouvez choisir la fréquence des mises à jour nécessaire pour répondre à vos besoins personnels et minimiser la consommation d'énergie, mais hidnseek s’adapte également automatiquement à votre usage. il est rechargeable via une prise standard micro usb et l’application smartphone vous informera quand chaque dispositif doit être rechargé. hidnseek a tout! jetez un oeil à notre courbe de durée de vie en fonction de votre fréquence de géo localisation préférée. le dispositif hidnseek est basé sur la plateforme arduino (microcontrôleur atmel atmega328p) et distribué en open source sous la licence creative commons attribution share alike. a hidnseek, nous croyons dans les avantages de la participation au développement collectif du firmware qui sera accessible au public développeur pour l'amélioration de ses fonctionnalités. nous avons décidé d’être open source car nous nous sommes aperçus que beaucoup de grandes idées dans le monde ont été mises à l’écart avant d'avoir une chance d'être exploitées. grace au code open source vous pouvez adapter le firmware, le personnaliser à votre besoin. hidnseek vous offre cette opportunité qu'aucun autre tracker classique ne peut vous donner. nous sommes vraiment fiers de proposer hidnseek sur le marché comme étant le premier gps communautaire pour permettre aux développeurs d'avoir leur mot à dire et leur influence sur le développement du firmware pour améliorer ses caractéristiques pour le bénéfice de tous. risks and challenges our combined 40+ years of electronics expertise in semiconductor industries has exposed us to quality, hi reliability, worst case analysis and risk management. we didn't rush into crowd funding with a partially designed (not to mention tested) product. we built several versions of the initial design which were extensively tested to ensure product reliability. we've had multiple iteration to refine our firmware and improve the hardware. we have already validated the production process with two pre production prototype batches, for seamless transition between r&d and ramp up production. we are committed to meeting our customer delivery schedule so we've incorporated a sufficient production lead time to secure our shipping target. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 