 to help me finish the video game sulphur nimbus: hel's elixir! (for windows and linux.) please play the demo! http://oddwarg.com/permanent/sulphurnimbusdemo.zip (50 mb) sulphur nimbus works as a scouting bird on a merchant ship. one day, the captain is pressed for time and decides to take a shortcut across dangerous waters. this route goes past the island known as dronningsøy, a name surrounded by ominous rumors. however, they are on schedule and all seems well, so sulphur decides to fly a little closer to check it out. suddenly a storm appears, as if by magic, and prevents her from returning to the ship . . . traverse the island by running or flying. flying can take you anywhere, but it is difficult to master! explore the vast underground tunnels to learn more about the island's past. meet the mysterious melinda, who clearly can't wait to hit you with a stick. collect the magic blobs scattered about the game world. find the bestiary pages and combine them with the blobs . . . and use them to break the curse that keeps you trapped. defeat unique enemies and bosses along the way. if the game gets successfully funded, it will be completed and available for windows and linux platforms in approximately one year. the development process will be transparent for those who are interested in tracking the process, with full access to the commit logs on bitbucket. if you prefer to have the rewards explained in video form: you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 if you are confused by the currency, please refer to this handy table. a currency table. if your currency is not represented, please ask google for help. regarding designs submitted by backers, there will be some limitations. feel free to contact me in advance if you are unsure if you should choose one of these reward tiers. one general point is that if something doesn't fit into the story, then it can still be included, but as a secret. design an item, gimmick or easter egg what this will be is up to you, but it has to be something of relatively small importance. your contribution will probably not be a major plot point, and it has to be something that doesn't take too long to make. design an enemy or boss battle the most important thing to note here is that (most of) the enemies in the story follow some specific style guidelines. most importantly, their main bodies are black with glowing emblems. they are spawned from the curse that lingers upon the island. aside from that, pretty much anything goes. your original character in the game first and foremost, the character needs to conform to the same body type as the existing characters. that means it needs to have roughly the same anatomy and proportions as the characters you see on this page. if necessary, i will make modifications to your design to make it fit the bill. if you'd like, your character may be a part of the merchant ship's crew. in addition, it will be possible to play the game using your character. however, please note that this will only be a skin! the story will not change, so there could be certain discrepancies. where does the money go? pie chart illustrating the project costs 5% payment processing fees according to  Jimmy Fraud  ( https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/help/faq/ Jimmy Fraud +basics ), 3 5% of the funds collected go to payment processing fees. i have taken the liberty of rounding this up to 5%. 5%  Jimmy Fraud   Jimmy Fraud  charges a 5% fee for all successfully funded projects. 15% rewards the price tags for the reward tiers are set so that i can be reasonably certain that no more than 25% goes into the production and shipment of the reward itself. the rewards that do not include any physical goods have few or no costs of this kind associated with them. assuming that the 25% figure is accurate, and 3/5 of the rewards chosen by the backers do include physical goods, this means 15% of the total amount goes into the production of rewards. in reality, this estimate is probably a bit high, but it is better to err on the safe side. 20% taxes in broad and simplified terms, goods sold to norwegian customers are taxed with 20% of the sale's price. sales to customers outside norway (export) should not have this tax associated with them. however, there is an additional tax on the profits (or my salary; same story). the magnitude of this tax increases with the amount of profits, but it is safe to assume it will be less than about 10% of the total amount if i just hit the funding target. assuming the 10% figure is accurate, and half of the backer money comes from people who live in norway, this totals at 20%. this is a coarse estimate, and i know i have cut some corners in the explanation, but i do believe it is not far from the truth. that said, i am not an experienced businessperson. there may be things that i have overlooked. i will learn as i move along. 55% paying myself i mean to keep working alone on the game itself, so the rest of the money will be used for food, loan payments, etc. it is the bare minimum that i could possibly survive off of for a year in this country, but it will allow me to spend most of my time working on the project instead of doing other things. ― if i earn more than the funding goal, then some of that money will go to costs that are associated with the stretch goals given below. some of the money may also be used to increase my quality of life, and of course there will be some more money for taxes ;) if i get more than the funding target, i will deliver the following extra features! 95000 nok ― monthly update videos and public alpha versions i will commit to releasing video updates and updated builds on a regular schedule. note that you will get these even if this goal isn't met, but not necessarily as often! 100000 nok ― castle library with community content the game will contain a library (managed by melinda) in the castle, and you will be able to submit your own "books" during development. each book should be a few pages of text and/or images. 105000 nok ― bonus level by hubolhubolhubol, creator of "2" i will commission hubol ( http://hubolhubolhubol.com/ ) to make a bonus level! 110000 nok ― animal voice track the characters will speak using animal noises including squawks and woofs. 120000 nok ― steam version of the game i will sign the game up for steam greenlight. if the game is successfully greenlit then all backers who chose reward tier #2 and up will receive a steam key in addition to the itch.io key (as soon as the steam version is ready). 135000 nok ― mac os support i will sign up for the apple developer program and make a mac os compatible release of the game. note that it will probably be possible to run the game on mac anyway, but there will be no official support unless this goal is met. 150000 nok ― modernized graphics i will rewrite the game's graphics code with modern rendering techniques (such as per pixel, deferred lighting), to improve both the look and the performance. (this will most likely happen after the initial release since it will take a significant amount of extra time.) 175000 nok ― voice acting i will commission voice artists to record the game's dialogue. (the voice track will be optional, you can still use the animal noises if you want.) so you want to know more about me, huh. a picture of my face. i assure you it has nothing to do with my ability to make games. i am oddvar hungnes, better known as "oddwarg", and i am the creator of this game. i have many many years of game development experience on a hobby basis; to see some of my previous work you need only go to my website at http://oddwarg.com . there you will also find evidence of some of my other creative endeavours. screens from some older games by oddwarg. i've spent the previous 6 years of my life living on a sailboat, studying computer science at the norwegian university of science and technology. there i acquired a master's degree which i've taken the liberty of exhibiting on my shop counter. there is nothing i want more than creating video games. however, now that i am no longer a student, i cannot afford to keep making games for free. also, i am really invested in this project and i don't want to abandon it in search of more profitable options. that is, fundamentally, the reason that i made this  Jimmy Fraud . and yes, i am doing this alone for the most part, although i do have help from my friends. it's a lot of work, but it is possible. i have completed large projects before, and then it was only a hobby. risks and challenges this project started out as a my little pony (mlp) fan game, and it still shares some aesthetic qualities with the mlp franchise. thus, it is worth addressing the project's legal standing. despite the superficial similarities, i firmly believe i have made sufficient efforts to separate my work from the mlp franchise so that this will not be a problem. in particular, the project contains no assets or code that violate hasbro's trademarks or copyrights. it is not possible to copyright a look. furthermore, this project would not be the first project to successfully undergo this type of transformation; see freedom planet for one example, them's fightin' herds for another. ― making this type of game is a major undertaking which typically involves a team of many people. however, this project is largely a one man endeavour. there is no doubt that this is a big challenge. while i've been developing games independently for over 15 years, few of them have had a scale comparable to this. there is one, however, and it is called madness. it does not stand to represent my current skill set in any way, but it does show that i am capable of finishing what i start, even if it takes me years. i'd also like to point to the progress that's already been made on this project. development is well underway. it has been a long time since i started back in 2011, but this has only been one of several hobby projects until now. in that same time frame i've finished my studies and completed lots of little projects. if i can make this game my main focus, i believe i can be much more efficient and get it done within a year or so. that said, i could be underestimating the amount of time it will actually take. i do not have a complete plan for everything that needs to be done, only a general outline and estimate based on experience. if the project does take more time than anticipated, i will of course still commit to completing it if the game is successfully funded. ― another risk is that i'm underestimating the amount of funds i will actually need, because of unforeseen costs or bad planning in general. however, i have done my best to err on the side of safety when it comes to planning the costs, and i have a good deal of experience managing my personal economy. i can be very efficient with my money spending. however, if i just barely meet the funding goal, then it is not unthinkable that i will have to do some odd jobs or commissions to supplement my economy. this may lead to some delays. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 