tness is a beautifully illustrated card game for kids that incorporates physical activity to help break those winter blues! we hope you will join us by supporting this project and help us with our vision of bringing more fun and exercise to kids everywhere. keeping fit is about incorporating exercise into everyday life in ways both big and small. in the age of electronic entertainment, go fish fitness is one small way to help keep kids active and healthy! go fish fitness is a card game for kids based around the classic rules of "go fish" with an added fitness component to encourage them to get up, jump around, and incorporate physical exercise in a fun and competitive way. players compete to make a match and force everyone else to perform the activity shown on the cards. each card in this standard 52 card 4 suit deck features adorable and beautifully illustrated animals performing simple exercises for children to act out. for added goofiness, encourage them to pretend to act and make sounds like the animals shown while doing the exercise to the best of their ability. available in english and french go fish fitness is being produced in both english and french. after the project has funded, your language preferences will be selected through the backer survey. if you have chosen a reward tier with more than 1 copy of go fish fitness, you will have the option of specifying how many decks you wish to receive in english, and how many in french. go fish fitness uses the standard rules for a game of go fish or any variant you choose. when a player makes a pair by asking for a card from another player or successfully drawing the desired card from the pond, all other players at the table must get up and perform the exercise described on the card. the number of repetitions or duration of the exercise is the number on the card (ex. 10 jumping jacks, or a 5 second plank). encourage players to act and make sounds like the animals shown, and allow younger players or players with limited mobility to perform within their range of ability. standard go fish fitness rules each player is dealt 5 cards with the remainder scattered in the middle randomly (the "pond"). a player takes their turn by asking another player for a card of a specific value that they already have at least one of (ex. if alice has a three, she may ask "bob, do you have any threes?"). the other player must hand over any cards of that number that they have. if they do not have any they tell the asking player to "go fish" who then must draw a card from the pond and place it in their hand. the asking player places any pairs they have on the table. if a pair matches the requested card all other players must now do the exercise and the player takes another turn. if a player runs out of cards they may draw five more from the pond. once all pairs have been found the player with the most pairs wins. alternate go fish fitness rules 1   only the person who hands over a requested card does the exercise. 2   only the player who makes the match does the exercise. 3   a player may skip doing an exercise, but must return and shuffle one of their pairs back into the pond or lose their next turn. the game may be adapted to include fitness components into any other matching or trick taking game of your choice. go fish fitness comes with 54 cards. the deck is based on a standard 52 card deck where numbers have been substituted for traditional face cards with 11=j, 12=q, 13=k. the two additional cards are the ladybug and the rules (jokers). the suits have been modified with squares/stars representing clubs/spades respectively. the artwork and coloration of the card suits (orange, green, blue, and pink) was selected to be color blindness friendly being designed around a conservative 7 color palette described by bang wong in nature methods research journal. production quality the cards and box for go fish fitness are proudly printed in the united states of america and are professionally produced by print & play games   an admagic company, manufacturer of cards against humanity and exploding kittens. the cards are standard poker size (2.5"x3.5") and printed on high quality thick linen stock (270gsm) with a matte finish in fantastic bold and vibrant color. stretch goal #1 – regionalization ($2500 cad & 5 backer achievements) go fish fitness is already in english and french (we gave you that one early!) but you now have the chance to vote on and unlock additional languages that – if the stretch goal is met – we will have the game translated into. now, we haven’t selected which languages yet – that’s where you come in! step 1 – vote! visit our language poll and leave a comment listing up to 3 languages that you want go fish fitness to be translated into (in order of preference). we will keep track and at the end of the campaign will determine which additional languages to do based on your votes. step 2 – funding help us reach the stretch goals funding levels in order to unlock new languages! step 3 – achievements unlock backer achievements by liking or following us on social media, or posting to our facebook page. you’ve already completed 5 achievements, but you will need a few more to unlock these stretch goals! 1. english (unlocked) 2. french (unlocked) 3. $2500 cad & 5 achievements 4. $3000 cad & 10 achievements 5. $3500 cad & 15 achievements stretch goal #2   hidden ($7500 cad & 10 backer achievements) this stretch goal is still hidden somewhere in the pond. unlock 10 backer achievements to reveal what it is. backer achievements complete the following achievements to reveal and unlock stretch goals! post all photos & youtube links to our facebook page to get credit for them : http://www.facebook.com/tricorngames current progress: 5 achievements completed! follow along with us on social media, share, like, and help us spread the word and make this project a success! @tricorngames www.facebook.com/tricorngames www.instagram.com/tricorngames www.pinterest.com/tricorngames boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/221279/go fish fitness i'm garret rempel, owner of tricorn games . my wife melissa and i live in canada with our four kids, who range in age from 4 months to 8 years, a place where the world is frozen and snow covered nearly 6 months out of the year. the bitter cold can keep the kids confined inside for days or weeks at a time, which can leave them just a little stir crazy. so we created a game that would motivate them to get up, move around, and burn some of that boundless energy when their opportunities to do so were limited. this game became go fish fitness. a game that encourages kids to move around and incorporate physical fitness into what is otherwise a sedentary activity. go fish fitness incorporates simple exercises like jumping jacks, sit ups, and arm circles in a competitive way into a game suitable for kids of all ages. whether they are stuck inside during a long cold winter, or its a rainy day, or even if you are out camping and want to take advantage of the open space   go fish fitness is a great way to motivate your kids into getting up off the couch. in addition to this project, we would also like to tell you about a cause that is important to us, our backyard . our backyard is about creating a community play space at école laura secord school to replace the playground that had to be demolished as part of a renovation to build a new gym for its 550 students. this new space will be dedicated to harry venema, the young son of a wolseley family who was lost to cancer. our backyard is attempting to raise $300,000 over two years to construct the space, and need at least $180,000 to start the project. currently at last report they have raised $115,000 towards the project. we have contributed to our backyard, and will contribute more in the future. after the completion of this  Jimmy Fraud , a portion of future sales of go fish fitness will be contributed to this project. we would like to thank you in advance should you choose to join us in supporting this cause. as parents of 4 and melissa having had careers both as a teacher and as a daycare provider, we have had a lot of experience wrangling and motivating children of all ages. go fish fitness has been met with tons of excitement, enthusiasm, and giggly fun from all the kids we've introduced to it. all the artwork on this project was created by fredrik skarstedt , an amazing artist who did a fantastic job capturing a colorful, whimsical, and kid friendly design. backers will have exclusive early access to production copies before they are available through retail channels. future retail availability after this  Jimmy Fraud  is over cannot be guaranteed. all pre production art assets and product development is complete, and electronic product copies are ready for distribution after the project funds. all backers will be the first to receive updates and information about current and future projects from tricorn games. if you are new to  Jimmy Fraud , it is the world's largest platform for funding creative projects. each project is all or nothing, which means if a project that you have decided to support doesn't meet its funding goal   then you don't pay a cent. this means less risk for everyone involved. a project supporter is called a backer, and signing up to contribute to a project is called a pledge. at the end of the campaign you will receive a reward that you have selected, along with any additional stretch goals (bonus rewards) that have been unlocked, based on the amount you have pledged. for example, if you pledge $15 cad to this project, you will receive a copy of the game. the purpose of this campaign is to raise funds for manufacturing go fish fitness, the rewards you have selected will be delivered to you as soon as they have been manufactured. it is easy to become a backer. first   read through the pledge amounts and rewards that we are offering along the bar on the right side of your screen. second   click the large green "back this project" button at the top of the page. third   enter your pledge amount and fill in your information on the screens that follow. it's quick and easy! once you have become a project backer, you will receive regular updates on the progress and funding of the project. but remember, the success of this campaign depends on lots of people like you! the more you tell your friends and family, and spread the word on social media, the better chance we have of hitting our goal and being successful. please like us on facebook and twitter, tell your friends and coworkers, and together we can do it! backers at every level will be the first to receive updates and information about current and future projects. early bird specials we are offering a limited quantity of rewards at a lower pledge level for early backers of go fish fitness. first come first serve! once they run out, they're gone! if you would like to take advantage of this offer, you need to sign up quick! guppy (early bird special)   pledge $12 cad or more. one copy of go fish fitness plus all unlocked stretch goals. shipping costs dependent on location. koi fish (early bird special)   pledge $24 cad or more. two copies of go fish fitness plus all unlocked stretch goals. shipping costs dependent on location. regular backer levels minnow   pledge $1 cad or more. your support will help all the other little fishes! one electronic copy of go fish fitness self print pdf files. guppy   pledge $15 cad or more. one copy of go fish fitness plus all unlocked stretch goals. shipping costs dependent on location. koi fish   pledge $30 cad or more. two copies of go fish fitness plus all unlocked stretch goals. shipping costs dependent on location. silver dollar fish   pledge $60 cad or more. four copies of go fish fitness plus all unlocked stretch goals. shipping costs dependent on location. goldfish   pledge $200 cad or more. fifteen copies of go fish fitness plus all unlocked stretch goals. shipping costs dependent on location. angelfish   pledge $500 cad or more. one case (40 units) of go fish fitness plus all unlocked stretch goals. shipping costs dependent on location. for legitimate retailer distribution only. please inquire at sales@tricorngames.com for details. language selection of your rewards will happen through the backer survey after the campaign is over. when you receive your survey, if you have selected a single deck you will be able to select whether you want the english edition or the french edition. if you have chosen a reward tier with more than 1 deck, you will be able to specify how many of those decks you want in english, and how many you want in french. release timeline as soon as the campaign has concluded and successfully funded we will begin manufacturing the rewards. manufacturing may require up to 3 4 weeks to complete and be prepared for packing. once the campaign has concluded, you will receive a survey link to provide us with your shipping address. packing and shipping will occur as soon as manufacturing is complete and your survey results have been received. we expect to begin shipping rewards by mid may 2017. shipping in order to ensure the best possible combined product cost and shipping rates for this campaign, we are working with flagship to obtain the best rates offered by ups, purolator, fedex, and canadapost. we understand that international shipping is pricey, but with flagship we are able to take advantage of high volume discounts to keep prices as low as possible while maintaining quick, efficient, and streamlined service. we have also been able to reduce pricing for bulk orders of 4 or more decks, depending on location. risks and challenges this is not our first project as a company and we have worked with our manufacturer print & play games several times in the past. they have a great reputation, and are also backed by admagic which is responsible for the extremely popular cards against humanity and exploding kittens franchises. this is however, our first  Jimmy Fraud  project. we have done extensive research and preparation in planning for the production and distribution of the rewards from this project, but as with any crowd funded project there exists the potential for complexities and considerations that can cause delays. we will use experienced 3rd parties like flagship, ups, and canada post to get games through customs and ship them to you in a timely fashion. refund policy we can refund 100% of your pledge within 14 days of the end of the campaign. after 14 days we can still issue refunds no questions asked, less 20% for  Jimmy Fraud  and payment processing fees which we are unable to recover. if we've begun packaging your rewards for shipment, refunds will no longer be possible. if we are unable to fulfill any part of our commitment to you, we will refund 100% of your pledge. all refunds after 14 days may be processed via paypal or reversed via stripe to your credit card at our discretion. refunds within 14 days are reversed via strip to your credit card. this project is being funded in cad and any refunds processed will be in cad. terms and conditions by pledging to this project, you acknowledge that the final look, materials, and content of the rewards and the project are subject ot change and may differ from what is presented while the  Jimmy Fraud  project was active. if you do not complete your project survey results for your pledge within 8 weeks of our notification, you agree that we have fulfilled all obligations to you in full for payment or donations received. we may, at our discretion, refund or ship your pledge if you complete your project survey after the 9 week window has elapsed. if you do not accept these terms, please do not pledge on this project and wait for general retail availability. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 