eo below , hosted by notorious dissident rose atkinson, which outlines the game setting, objectives gameplay and strategies for attempting to subvert or uphold the domination of the ever present moderators! (animations coming soon) (animations coming soon) (animations coming soon) (animations coming soon) retailer pledges are you a retailer and want more than just a case of 6 copies of newspeak? distributor wanting in on the first printing? please let us know your details and your requirements in terms of order quantity using this link. navigate the precarious world of social ratings in this modular expansion for newspeak, bringing dissident player ratings and location ratings to the game to add another element to the code breaking challenge. don’t forget   keep your rating high! rgvhzcbecm9wlcbhig1vzhvsyxigzxhwyw5zaw9uigzvcibozxdtcgvhayb3agljacbtyxkgymugdw5sb2nrzwqgyxmgysbmcmvlihn0cmv0y2ggz29hbcbmb3igzgvsdxhligvkaxrpb25zli4u rglzc29uyw5jzswgysbzb2xvlwnvb3blcmf0axzligv4cgfuc2lvbib3agljacbtyxkgymugdw5sb2nrzwqgyxmgysbmcmvlihn0cmv0y2ggz29hbcbmb3igzgvsdxhligvkaxrpb25zli4u check out the video review playlist below to see what people have to say about newspeak! also from, quinns: now this is a  Jimmy Fraud  i would back. i love decrypto, but it’s an accessible, formalised party game, whereas newspeak is a wild, thematic labour of love. i wanted it before i saw all of the expansion modules teased in the  Jimmy Fraud . now, i crave it. ( eric's full written review can be found here ) listen to the preview of newspeak from shut up and sit down from uk games expo 2018   newspeak section from 11:00. are you a reviewer , media content creator, blogger or other tabletop media creator? click the button below to access our media pack with loads of helpful materials! have a cool idea for a new stretch goal? we want to know! click on the suggestions box below and let us know your ideas! introducing newspeak achievements! as each achievement is unlocked, we'll be adding another [redacted] to the game! for each 3 achievements unlocked, we'll add a  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive promo card to every pledge (1 per core game). more achievement tracks will be added as the campaign progresses when the first goal is reached on each achievement track (5,000 fb likes for example), that track receives the 'epsilon' tag. the next goal will be then be revealed. for each tag earned, a new design will be added to the location augmentation stickers ! quick links itb facebook page itb twitter profile itb instagram profile itb youtube channel competitions throughout the course of the newspeak campaign, we will be running a series of backer competitions, to win upgrades to your pledge and other awesome prizes. check the project updates for more info! see below for a breakdown of information on shipping your pledge to your region. we've subsidised shipping everywhere in the world, making it more affordable and better value for you to get newspeak to the table. all pledges will be tracked where possible and will be safely packed and transported to your address provided in the post campaign survey. see below for more detailed breakdown on shipping prices *cyprus, malta, bulgaria, greece and romania have higher shipping rates for alpha and world controller pledge levels due to increased shipping rates to these regions. **monaco has a higher rate due to increased costs; canary islands for beta level is £45 ^^ brazilian backers must include their cpf taxation id to receive their pledge, russian backers must direct their pledge to a business address to receive their pledge. both of these regions have increased rates due to additional customs paperwork and need to use express shipping options. retailer looking for large shipment prices? let us know your needs on this form. shipping plan we currently have regional fulfillment centres in the uk, usa, canada, australia, china and central europe   which we will be using to ensure that the maximum number of backers possible can be offered customs free shipping (i.e. no annoying customs fees and delayed shipments held at customs for those regions). for newspeak, we've recruited the logistical muscle of two of the tabletop industry's most well regarded partners, spiral galaxy games and quartermaster logistics . these guys have been great in helping us prepare the logistics of the campaign, and i have the utmost confidence in their respective teams to keep things moving quickly, accurately and safely. both the spiral and quartermaster teams have been added as collaborators on this campaign, so they can respond to your questions directly, making communication with backers far more seemless and rapid when it comes to shipping time. qm's team will be handling select east asian regions that can be easily fulfilled directly from china (likely at this point mainland china, taiwan, hong kong, macau, south korea, japan   maybe more to come, keep a close look on the campaign updates!), the united states, canada, australia, new zealand and some us territories. spiral's team will handle everything else . we're working on improving the provision to east asian regions through qml, and have formulated a series of brexit preparations in case our wet little island decides it's not a few miles from france come 29th march. access full broken down shipping information using the button below, for more information on exactly who will be handling your pledge, exact shipping rates for your region, and information on shipping type (tracked where possible). itb guarantees we've run a few campaigns now, and we've had some big successes and some failures too. that range of experiences has given us a lot to work with, a lot to learn from, and a lot to build on. this campaign will be the first where we implement our 'itb guarantees', where we make a public commitment to the best possible service to our backers, supporters, and fans around the world. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 risks and challenges game design: after being submitted the game concept in autumn 2016, our in house development team has thoroughly playtested and developed the game to a clear set of objectives to ensure that the game consistently delivers engaging, clear and fun experiences for players. since our first version of this game, we've revised the game to provide an even more refined experience. illustration & graphic design anyone familiar with itb will know zak eidsvoog. he's been with us since statecraft back in early 2016, and has been a key member of the team   ensuring every aspect of the game, its packaging and presentation communicate the information, strategies and theme of the game as best as possible. he's a professional designer with many years of experience who will be meticulously working through every individual item to ensure the final product exceeds your expectations. similarly, david thor fjalarsson, our insanely talented illustrator has many years of experience in the graphic novel industry, and has produced a huge amount of the illustration for newspeak already! any additional content has already been prepared for, with art direction documents at the ready so david can pump out new content rapidly and to the same excellent standard. product design & proofing we've been working on newspeak for nearly two years now, and a major part of that has been product design, ensuring the tactile experience of every component communicates the thematic aspects of the game as well as provides a satisfactory and seamless experience for players. we'll be spending plenty of time with the factory (longpack) proofing the product to ensure it's absolutely 100% what we need it to be. mass manufacture last april, as part of the sub terra documentary promised from our £300,000 stretch goal, we visited the factory in shanghai. we inspected all the pieces of equipment and production lines, met with staff and talked through our production objectives with their team, to ensure that we know exactly how your games are made. this means we've already avoided many of the costly mistakes that can catch projects off guard, and optimised the product design to take into account the way the machines and team produce the games   meaning they'll produce them better, faster! freight & fullfilment shipping hundreds or even thousands of games around the world is a complex project, and we've learned an enormous amount from our previous three successful campaigns. we've already calculated the plans for shipping games to 4 regional warehouses and fulfilling locally from there, as well as factoring in a realistic amount of contingency time for the not uncommon delays associated with sea freight of the games from the factory in china to the warehouses around the world. unforeseen events delivering a complex tabletop game  Jimmy Fraud  project successfully is a challenge in itself, with a huge number of variables in play at any given time, and a large variety of places where things can go wrong. due to the nature of this process, some things may change, but we are dedicated to making sure everyone is fully informed of any planned changes to content, the timeline or any other relevant information. we learned from the sub terra campaign that we need to be better in this regard, and we're dedicated to proving to all our backers that we are committed to excellent service. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 