guinan, center left: drew fonteiro, center right: david hull, right: nikki soohoo when james proposes to melissa, it sends their best friends, ben and rachel, on a tailspin of internet dates, which in turn make melissa and james begin to doubt their own relationship. to quell their curiosity, melissa and james make fake tinder profiles together. a fun joke soon turns sour when long held insecurities and tensions begin to surface. the browsers megan has had recurring roles on the cw's gossip girl and tnt's public morals and played the part of rachel finch on cbs's limitless. drew plays the role of dennis on tnt's the last ship and has appeared on cbs's pure genius and abc's secrets and lies. josh's webseries, my boyfriend is a robot, which he co created and stars in, premiered on freeform this year. nikki has co starred in films like the lovely bones and stick it and will soon be seen on tv land's heathers reboot as betty. larry is an award winning stage actor who has recently starred in suzan lori park’s “father comes home from the wars (parts 1, 2 and 3),” and theresa rebeck’s “seared.” gabriela co starred in the 2016 sci fi film the 5th wave and has appeared on numerous episodes of fox's rosewood and hulu's casual. your contribution the film is nearly complete but we still need your support to finish it. your contribution will go towards finishing costs including sound design, music supervision, color correction, and a score for the film. furthermore, after the film is complete, we will also require funds to properly screen and market the film. this breaks down to submission fee’s for film festivals, pr services   once the film is selected, and travel cost so the filmmakers and stars can attend the festivals and network with possible distributors. the only way small, independent films like ours gain traction, is a strong inventive marketing campaign that generates awareness and buzz. this film has the potential to connect with viewers all over the world, and we would be immensely grateful for your help to reach them, with the best movie we can make. the rewards we have a lot of great rewards including custom t shirts, magnets and the chance to see your name in the credits. we also are offering to write your dating app bios and take professional grade social media photos for anything from tinder to linkedin. tinder bio lines by the team social media photoshoot by the team social media photo shoot packages wham / bam   los angeles or new york ($100) meet one of us outdoors, on one of our scheduled shooting days. in thirty minutes, you will walk away with three professional photos of you looking your best, heading your way after we do some light color correction. feel free to bring a change of clothes, and/or layer for multiple looks. block book shoots with a friend to add more time to change! *scheduling priority determined by time of pledge   sooner the better!* this prize is limited to twenty backers per city swag up   los angeles or new york ($300) one of us will meet you at an outdoor location of your choosing, and in an hour and a half you will walk away with six photos heading your way to transform your profile, after we do some light color correction. feel free to bring as many changes of clothes as you want. *scheduling priority determined by time of pledge   sooner the better!* this prize is limited to only five backers per city how we made the movie left: drew fonteiro, right: megan gui i used to think that online dating was just something for shy older people who wanted to meet someone serious and didn't know how. then, in 2012, tinder went live, and the dating scene drastically shifted. what was once a service reserved for those with social anxiety, was now considered a fresh way to meet a fun fling, begin a genuine relationship, and everything in between. i, as one of tinder’s 50 million active users, began to connect and meet up with girls from all sorts of backgrounds. they had different passions, different beliefs, and different histories and if we hadn't both signed up for the same app and swiped right, we never would have met. i began to realize that these experiences that so many of my friends and i were having were unique to our time and ripe for dramatic interpretation. so, in the beginning of 2014, i set out to write a script that examined all the nuances and eccentricities of online dating in the spirit of the bittersweet romantic comedies of the 60’s and 70’s. after writing and rewriting the screenplay for 18 months and raising the initial production funds i reached out to paul wr perez and roan bibby, two talented filmmakers and friends of mine from nyu, who had worked on my previous shorts. after they read the script, we discussed our collective vision for the story and they agreed to come on board as producers. left: michael k. feinstein, center: roan bibby, right paul wr perez while paul and roan helped me further develop the script with a focus on shaping the narrative to be cost effective, we still faced the prospect of shooting 111 pages spanning 12 locations in 19 days on a shoe string budget. in an effort to unite a lean, talented crew we brought on my friend and freshmen year roommate, marc katz, as cinematographer. left: marc katz, right: michael k. feinstein marc and i agreed that the camera—like the characters in the film—should feel as if it is in constant search and, to convey this sensation, we decided to shoot the film on a zoom lens similar to the one robert altman used in films like nashville and m*a*s*h. left: 2nd ac david cruz, center: 1st ac austin millinder, right marc katz foreseeing that strong production design would be essential to a film of our scope, we hired the very talented caitlin nicole williams, who has made a name for herself by creating amazing sets with limited resources. furthermore, anticipating that an assistant director with a background concerning talent would be critical, we signed on eden perry, a promising young producer who came out of nyu’s stella adler studio of acting. left: 2nd ad loring weisenberger, right: 1st ad eden perry in the spring of 2016, we began the casting process with the help of our casting director susan deming. over the course of two months, we saw hundreds of actors for nearly 30 different speaking roles. eventually we locked in a cast of extremely talented, up and coming actors who breathed life into their characters in both expected and unexpected ways. table read with the cast in july we then filled out the rest of the crew with young local filmmakers, called in as many favors as we could to find and book shooting locations and   mustering as much ingenuity and determination as possible   successfully shot the film in august of 2016. since we wrapped the film, the editor jack horkings and i have been editing and fine tuning the footage. the film, currently in the rough cut stage, is an original, distinct, and personal relationship comedy, and i am immensely proud and humbled by all of the creative and hard work of everyone involved.  writer/director, michael k. feinstein prop master: caroline "kit" sheridan the team behind the browsing effect writer/director michael feinstein is a graduate of new york university’s tisch school of the arts, where he received degrees in dramatic writing and history. he has written and directed three short films including “shlomo pussycat,” which screened at over a dozen film festivals and aired on pbs, where it received an audience award by its viewers. in 2012 he made his debut as a playwright when his political farce, blagojevich, blagojevich!, premiered at the athanaeum theater in chicago, illinois and the following year he co created short comings, a web series that premiered on mtv's website. he currently resides in los angeles with his dog archibald where the two of them enjoy writing and watching reruns of fraiser together. hailing from berkeley, california, roan bibby is a new york city based producer and director. roan has worked on a variety projects including features, music videos, and branded content and his work has been showcased at festivals ranging from the ny shorts fest to the palm springs international shorts festival. in 2012, roan graduated from new york university’s tisch school of the arts with a bachelor’s of fine arts in film and television production. after leaving school, roan began associate producing commercials for advertising legend george lois. while producing and directing short films, music videos and corporate videos, roan has continued his production education, working in the commercial and fashion world for companies ranging from radical media, tool of north america, aol, vice and nylon magazine. paul is a graduate of nyu’s maurice kanbar institute of film and television. while there he produced the short film, bombshell, described as a “stirring story of self discovery” by tribeca film festival. it won best screenplay, best director, and best film at nyu’s first run film festival, competed in the student academy awards, and screened at more than thirty festivals, spanning five continents. since moving back to his beloved los angeles, paul has worked freelance in commercial production for companies such as smuggler, morton jankel zander, epoch, arts & sciences, and partizan, while also developing his own work. caitlin nicole williams is a los angeles based art director/production designer. her career began working under adg award winning production designer gary kordan (workaholics, key & peele) as an art department coordinator. her experiences on these comedy programs taught her how to efficiently establish a mood and tone with the mise en scène of a space, for a wide range of genre satires. as a designer in her own right, she has completed dramatic and comedic features, pilots, commercials, short films, and new media projects. she has worked with a variety of production companies including ben stiller’s red hour films, seeso, nerdist, dreamworkstv, collegehumor, buzzfeed, upright citizens brigade, and espn. furthermore, she has created branded content for clients that include the likes of toyota, schick, hewlett packard, degree, and quizno’s. marc's work has screened on hbo and many festivals including camerimage, raindance, cannes lion yda, new york shorts fest and la shorts fest. he is a southern california native who loves traveling and getting his hands dirty, and he will do whatever it takes to make sure the project is gorgeously shot and evokes a sense of significant purpose. clients have included converse, oxy, spalding, weight watchers, and vice. he is the co owner of riot time pictures, a film production company in new york city. his 2015 short film as a director, "people are becoming clouds," has played at the toronto international film festival, cinequest, and the atlanta film festival. he recently wrapped production on his third feature film as cinematographer, "the divorce party," from sprockfeller films & 2020 productions. eden had a blast as co producer and 1st assistant director on the browsing effect (2017). some of her recent work as a creative producer includes rumspringa (2016), a pilot for virgin soil pictures, and "the play: the movie: the webseries" (2015), filmed entirely in glasgow, scotland! on the stage her work has toured the uk, from shakespeare's globe, to the tron in glasgow and the traverse theatre in edinburgh. she is proud to work with the trevor project, where she produces their biannual live galas in nyc. eden teaches producing for the film and theatre at mainstages theatre company and studio 4 nyc. she is currently the lead producer on the latest feature film for rabbit bandini productions, executive produced by james franco. jack horkings is an editor and sound designer from new england, currently based in los angeles. originally focused on instrumental production and songwriting, jack began learning video editing while at brown university, where he received a degree in modern culture & media production. after moving to the west coast, jack worked as a recording engineer for a number of recording artists, and also began recording sound for film on set. as an editor jack has created promotional videos for start ups in technology, fitness and agriculture, has conducted interviews for the bet awards, and is currently finishing two music documentaries for soul without borders and the shapiro traveling fellowship. jack has known and been collaborating with michael feinstein since high school. he recently produced and edited michael’s short, match from the past, which was finished in february of 2016 and is currently in contention at several film festivals. what sets the browsing effect apart while many recent films and television shows have treated the subject of online dating as a punch line this film, the browsing effect, will be one of the first that handles the subject seriously and conveys that it isn’t just loners who date online—it’s everyone. and while this film is certainly a comedy and we have fun exposing the absurdities and contradictions that come along with online dating, we never judge any of our characters for attempting to form a connection through it. the social conventions, expectations, and anxieties surrounding dating have drastically changed because of these apps and we will be one of the first films to explore these issues and more through a comedic lens. megan gui risks and challenges work on the browsing effect is nearly complete and once it is we will be submitting it to festivals and seek worldwide distribution. we are confident that this film tells a timely, entertaining story that will appeal to those who have dated through apps and want to see their experiences reflected in a film as well as those who haven't and are curious about it. we believe that we are creating a product that will be in demand once it is completed but, that being said, we cannot guarantee mass distribution for this film. however, we believe whole heartedly in this project and are determined to share it with as many people as possible. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 