orth georgia’s best kept secret. our house rustic restaurant and retreat celebrating our new location. a place with pizzazz, prompt friendly service and exciting tasty food! owners and executive chef keith, a world renowned   new orleans trained chef, and fiancé sheri invite you and your family to join them for lunch or dinner and enjoy a unique dining experience. enjoy casual fine dining at its best! come let us exceed your expectations! our house rustic restaurant and retreat offers exceptional dining, quality, quantity and value. you can enjoy seating inside in our luxurious smoke free dining room or outside on our spacious porch. both overlooking crumbly mountain, its creek side and mountain views. a wonderful place to meet friends, relax & enjoy a wonderful meal! southern hospitality at its finest! travel the world with a variety of entrees including: cajun, southern   country style, smoked and grilled favorites! such as: jambalaya, gumbo, prime rib, pork loin, po boy’s, burgers and of course their signature twice baked potato casserole, plus much, much more. to busy to cook have chef keith prepare your meals for you. exclusive specials available online.our house rustic restaurant and retreat is opened to the public. we also provide professional personal service for private, business and corporate events. we have in house private conference rooms and catering is also available on and off site: from low country boils, picnic’s to black tie affairs! anytime you need to make a great impression! we offer a elegant   romantic atmosphere for your special occasion and we are the perfect place for your smaller quaint affairs! make reservations now for your special event or call for pricing, availability and facility tours! gift certificates available!we are open and prepare special menu’s for every holiday. and coming soon beer, wine and chef keith’s specialty “all you can eat cajun nights”! call for details or visit our website at: www.mossycreeksmokehousegrillcatering.com chef keith and sheri have taken their concepts principles and beliefs that made mossy creek smokehouse grill a success and brought them to our house rustic restaurant and retreat . when you walk into our doors you feel welcome, like you are family joining us at our house.our house rustic restaurant and retreat has the finest lodgings in the north east georgia mountains.. did you know we also offer casual fine dining as well? our restaurant features a classic dining rooms and outdoor decks overlooking our beautiful waterfall. enjoy casual fine dining at the best! dining at the our house rustic restaurant and retreat offers the perfect combination of excellent food and casual fine dining in a rustic architectural setting. enjoy our dining room that offers views of the waterfall on a cool mountain day, or enjoy the fresh country air on one of our waterfall decks. engage in great conversation with friends and family as you hear the sound of waterfall’s cascade, watch the ducks and geese swim in the spoil creek. this casual fine dining experience begins with breakfast. our breakfast is sure to entice you out of bed and get you ready for the day that awaits you. enjoy our homemade pastries, breads, and hot dishes prepared by our chef. once you have had breakfast you will be ready to hike the appalachian trail, bike richard russell scenic highway, or do any of the other activities you have planned for the day. when you are ready for lunch, venture back to the our house rustic restaurant and retreat for your mid day meal. we offer a full lunch menu as well as basket lunches. come and enjoy a relaxing mid day break with us.after a day of exploring, return back to the inn and relax in our saloon. we offer a variety of wines, many of which are bottled right here in the north east georgia mountains. the quality and taste of our wine selection has won rave reviews from our customers. come and enjoy the waterfall view while sipping on a glass of wine or one of our on tap beers.when you are ready for your final meal of the day savor one that is specially prepared by our chefs. we have a traditional dinner menu as well as a featured daily special. our dessert menu is sure to please your sweet tooth. whether you order off the menu or choose the daily special we are sure there will be something to suit everyone’s palate. enjoy our house rustic restaurant and retreat casual fine dining menu … morning, noon or night.nestled in the beautiful blue ridge mountains, and set on the banks of spoil creek, our house rustic restaurant and retreat offers the perfect romantic setting for your special wedding day. we can help you to create a romantic, timeless moment at the unique and simply elegant our house rustic restaurant and retreat. brides, grooms, family, and guests love the convenience of having their rehearsal dinner, ceremony, and reception all in one convenient location. with our full service restaurant, we can serve your guests scrumptious breakfasts, lunch, and dinners before and after your special day! our friendly and experienced staff are dedicated to making your special day joyous and “worry free” every step of the way. from rehearsal dinners to honeymoon accommodations, our house rustic restaurant and retreat can provide for up to 75 guests with a variety of packages and options tailored to meet your individual needs and budgets. our goal is… to create a unique restaurant that is welcoming to all and provides everyone a kind memorable experience with the best handcrafted food in the north georgia mountains, tennessee and north carolina. an unforgettable eating and community gathering spot. a place for all to feel welcome and a place to create memories. a place where the food is farm to table fresh and purchased from farmers we know and respect. a place where food is honored and prepared with love, creativity and passion. a place to bring all your friends, family, children and colleagues again and again. we have been embraced and supported by the community. we truly love what we do. be part of opening an exciting restaurant in north east georgia where friends and family gather to enjoy food that nourishes the soul!be part of opening an exciting restaurant where friends and family gather to enjoy food that brings back the comfort food grandma made.calling our community to co create this dream!any great dining experience begins when you walk through the door. at our house you find warm, welcoming and knowledgeable staff, committed to the highest quality service and ensuring you are taken care of. the menu at our house has been carefully formulated to encompass a range of offerings that take comfort food and adds an innovative twist. careful thought has been put into each dish   with only the best ingredients, sourced responsibly, and purchased locally whenever possible. this new restaurant will take advantage of the success of mossy creek smokehouse grill while capitalizing on new opportunities at their new location, and a new changing market. the goal for the menu is to wow all guests and remind them or introduce them to real cooking that they will want to share with their friends and family. we want our guests to experience real cooking with all of their senses...a culinary show of sorts. we will build on this recipe for success by adding new and exciting products and services that we feel are needed, based on our years of experience in the restaurant business. we believe that in order to stay on top, we must constantly investigate new ways to increase revenues, increase profits, reduce costs, improve efficiency, improve customer relationships, increase productivity and grow our business. our idea is to build on our bright spots, and improving what we have, innovating and adding what we don't have, and protecting what we already have. we will constantly be evaluating our business, always improving.chef’s keith and sheri have a sterling reputation in the north east georgia mountains and surrounding states that has been watched, emulated and critically acclaimed since they begin cooking many years ago. we can only assume that our house will be highly anticipated and create a huge buzz by the local press and critics along with there loyal and large customer base and following. chef’s keith and sheri not only plan on creating one of the best and busiest restaurants in the north east georgia mountains, but they also plan on ensuring and executing it's success by being working owners and hiring an honest, experienced and dedicated staff. (many team members have worked for them for many years and look forward to returning)with your support, we will open this new exciting restaurant for you, our loyal customers and all of north east georgia! this project is currently in the final stages of design and development and is ready to re build and open. our goal is to be open by spring 2018!we have an amazing team of specialized and gifted people to help us reach this goal!the long term goal of our house rustic restaurant and retreat is to become the best choice in northeast georgia for temporary lodging and great southern food by creating a differentiated experience capitalizing on personal service, the historical nature of the property, and its unique location. we plan to be more than a great country inn and restaurant. we plan to create an environment of pampered luxury that surpasses the standard fare for georgia. expanding our exposure via the internet and introducing the area to people that have not yet discovered this paradise will allow us to maintain a higher than average occupancy rate and above average profits. the our house rustic restaurant and retreat is a beautiful facility that sits on a private acre, surrounded by national forest. the inn offers individually furnished rooms, each with its own antique theme, as well as honeymoon cabins. we are a complete bed and breakfast inn with a full complementary breakfast served each morning to our guests. we also offer hostel accommodations.our house rustic restaurant and retreat target market strategy is based on becoming a destination of choice for professional couples and families in the surrounding areas. those who are looking for a place to relax and recharge. we will also advertise to the engaged couples who are looking for that wedding package and special get away. our house rustic restaurant and retreat is a beautiful country inn & restaurant resort facility we are a new start up enterprise that will offer wonderfully furnished suites and cabins to guests who want to get away from the ordinary. each unit is individually furnished with antiques and tastefully decorated. our house rustic restaurant and retreat will provide a full breakfast each morning to our guests with no expense spared. our house rustic restaurant and retreat will have an eye catching sign that will alert potential customers and drop ins of our existence. we will use the yellow pages to market our restaurant and inn, as well as a web site on the internet which will focus on the features the restaurant and inn has to offer. each room will be displayed with its unique decor, as well the outside of the facility showing the beautiful gardens and views and the surrounding property’s, creeks, lakes, waterfalls, hiking trails etc. attractions within 100 miles of the facility will be displayed with information about our menu’s, shuttle service, room rates and directions. risks and challenges our house mission our house rustic restaurant and retreat the finest casual fine dining experience in north georgia and surrounding states. our house rustic restaurant and retreat has the finest lodgings in north georgia. did you know we also offer casual fine dining as well? our restaurant features a classic dining room and outdoor decks overlooking our beautiful waterfall. enjoy casual fine dining at the best our house rustic restaurant and retreat. click the link on the right to view the menu. dining at the our house rustic restaurant and retreat offers the perfect combination of excellent food and casual fine dining in a rustic architectural setting. enjoy our dining room that offers views of the creek on a cool mountain day, or enjoy the fresh country air on one of our creek side decks. engage in great conversation with friends and family as you hear the sound of creeks cascade. this casual fine dining experience begins with breakfast. our breakfast is sure to entice you out of bed and get you ready for the day that awaits you. enjoy our homemade pastries, breads, and hot dishes prepared by our chef. once you have had breakfast you will be ready to hike the appalachian trail, bike the georgia mountains, or do any of the other activities you have planned for the day. when you are ready for lunch, venture back to our house rustic restaurant and retreat for your mid day meal. we offer a full lunch menu as well as basket lunches. come and enjoy a relaxing mid day break with us. after a day of exploring the north east georgia mountains, return back to the inn and relax in our saloon. we offer a variety of wines, many of which are bottled right here in the north georgia mountains, including selections from the frog town winery. the quality and taste of our wine selection has won rave reviews from our customers. come and enjoy the creek view while sipping on a glass of wine or one of our on tap beers. when you are ready for your final meal of the day savor one that is specially prepared by our chefs. we have a traditional dinner menu as well as a featured daily special. our dessert menu is sure to please your sweet tooth. whether you order off the menu or choose the daily special we are sure there will be something to suit everyone’s palate. enjoy our house rustic restaurant and retreat casual fine dining menu … morning, noon or night. nestled in the beautiful blue ridge mountains, and set on the banks of the spoil creek, our house rustic restaurant and retreat offers the perfect romantic setting for your special wedding day. the backdrop for this outdoor wedding venue is perfect. we can help you to create a romantic, timeless moment at the unique and simply elegant our house rustic restaurant and retreat. brides, grooms, family, and guests love the convenience of having their rehearsal dinner, ceremony, and reception all in one convenient location. with our full service restaurant, we can serve your guests scrumptious breakfasts, lunch, and dinners before and after your special day! our friendly and experienced staff are dedicated to making your special day joyous and “worry free” every step of the way. from rehearsal dinners to honeymoon accommodations, our house rustic restaurant and retreat can provide for up to 40 guests with a variety of packages and options tailored to meet your individual needs and budgets. we’re chef‘s keith and sheri. we have been professional chefs for over 15 years – the last 10 in north east georgia. being a chef is what we do and what we love and being a chef in the north east georgia mountains has always felt like a dream come true. we have opened, owned and operated many restaurants over the years. gulf coast catering, mossy creek smokehouse grill, endzone sports grill to name a few. now we are ready to open and operate , our house rustic restaurant and in the area that we love. from the quality produce to the creative culture, this is a area that loves its restaurants. our house will be at the heart of that unique dining culture. it will be a comfortable gathering place where friends and family can come together and enjoy food to nourish the soul. we’ll be offering a menu of simply prepared, boldly flavored seasonal dishes, paired with a creative wine list, craft beers and inspired cocktails. we believe in creating an environment where combining the best ingredients, served by knowledgeable staff in a cozy atmosphere results in our customers wanting to come back for more. our goal is… to create a unique restaurant and inn that is welcoming to all and provides everyone a kind memorable experience with the best handcrafted food in the north georgia mountains, tennessee and north carolina. an unforgettable eating and community gathering spot. a place for all to feel welcome and a place to create memories. a place where the food is farm to table fresh and purchased from farmers we know and respect. a place where food is honored and prepared with love, creativity and passion. a place to bring all your friends, family, children and colleagues again and again. we have been embraced and supported by the community. we truly love what we do. be part of opening an exciting restaurant in north east georgia where friends and family gather to enjoy food that nourishes the soul! be part of opening an exciting restaurant where friends and family gather to enjoy food that brings back the comfort food grandma made. calling our community to co create this dream! any great dining experience begins when you walk through the door. at our house rustic restaurant and retreat you find warm, welcoming and knowledgeable staff, committed to the highest quality service and ensuring you are taken care of. the menu at our house rustic restaurant and retreat has been carefully formulated to encompass a range of offerings that take comfort food and adds an innovative twist. careful thought has been put into each dish   with only the best ingredients, sourced responsibly, and purchased locally whenever possible. this new restaurant will take advantage of the success of mossy creek smokehouse grill while capitalizing on new opportunities at their new location, and a new changing market. the goal for the menu is to wow all guests and remind them or introduce them to real cooking that they will want to share with their friends and family. we want our guests to experience real cooking with all of their senses...a culinary show of sorts. we will build on this recipe for success by adding new and exciting products and services that we feel are needed, based on our years of experience in the restaurant business. we believe that in order to stay on top, we must constantly investigate new ways to increase revenues, increase profits, reduce costs, improve efficiency, improve customer relationships, increase productivity and grow our business. our idea is to build on our bright spots, and improving what we have, innovating and adding what we don't have, and protecting what we already have. we will constantly be evaluating our business, always improving. chef’s keith and sheri have a sterling reputation in the north east georgia mountains and surrounding states that has been watched, emulated and critically acclaimed since they begin cooking many years ago. we can only assume that our house rustic restaurant and retreat will be highly anticipated and create a huge buzz by the local press and critics along with there loyal and large customer base and following. chef’s keith and sheri not only plan on creating one of the best and busiest restaurants in the north east georgia mountains, but they also plan on ensuring and executing it's success by being working owners and hiring an honest, experienced and dedicated staff. (many team members have worked for them for many years and look forward to returning) the plan with your support, we will open this new exciting restaurant and retreat for you, our loyal customers and all of north east georgia and vacationers! this project is currently in the final stages of design and development and is ready to re build and open. our goal is to be open by fall 2018! we have an amazing team of specialized and gifted people to help us reach this goal! north georgia’s best kept secret. our house rustic restaurant and retreat celebrating their grand opening. a place with pizzazz, prompt friendly service and exciting tasty food! owners and executive chef keith, a world renowned   new orleans trained chef, and fiancé sheri invite you and your family to join them for lunch or dinner and enjoy a unique dining experience. enjoy casual fine dining at its best! come let us exceed your expectations! top your night off in one of our beautiful cozy suites or bunkhouse. our house rustic restaurant and retreat offers exceptional dining, quality, quantity and value. you can enjoy seating inside in our luxurious smoke free dining room or outside on our spacious porches. both overlooking the national forest, its beautiful creek and mountain views. a wonderful place to meet friends, relax & enjoy a wonderful meal! southern hospitality at its finest! travel the world with a variety of entrees including: cajun, southern   country style, smoked and grilled favorites! such as: jambalaya, gumbo, prime rib, pork loin, po boy’s, burgers and of course their signature twice baked potato casserole, plus much, much more. to busy to cook have chef keith prepare your meals for you. exclusive specials available online. chef keith also prepares daily specials for your dining pleasure. our house rustic restaurant and retreat is opened to the public. we also provide professional personal service for private, business and corporate events in house or out call. we have in house private conference rooms and catering is also available on and off site: from low country boils, picnic’s to black tie affairs! anytime you need to make a great impression! we offer a elegant   romantic atmosphere for your special occasion and we are the perfect place for your smaller quaint affairs! make reservations now for your special event or call for pricing, availability and facility tours! gift certificates available! we are open everyday except tuesday for lunch and thursday, friday & saturday for dinner. we are open and prepare special menu’s for every holiday. and coming soon beer, wine and chef keith’s specialty “all you can eat cajun nights”! call for details or visit our website at: www.mossycreeksmokehousegrillcatering.com risks and challenges our house rustic restaurant and retreat the biggest risk we face is that we do not reach our funding goal. if we don't, it's highly unlikely this project can go forward. however, we feel very confident that our business model, our experience, and our amazing rewards for backers will attract the desired financing. this is a critical last piece. we are already on a very tight budget, using as much existing equipment and furniture as possible. however, we feel very confident that our business model, our funding strategy of a mix of our own resources, private investors and  Jimmy Fraud , our experience, passion and creativity and our amazing rewards for backers will attract the desired financing. we acknowledge that restaurants / inns are risky and opening in a new location in a seasonal area is risky. our business plan addresses cash flow, sales and expense forecasts, and market analysis. ten years of creating a strong regional brand and solid customer following paired with an in depth risk management plan provides a solid base to launch this project and address any un foreseen challenges we may encounter. there are hurdles that any restaurant / inn opening has to clear, many of them we have already accomplished. the first and foremost was securing the best location. as every business owner knows one of the most important aspects of success is location, location, location. as previously stated, our house rustic restaurant and retreat is surrounded by national forest and is located in between many points of interest. second, many people go into the restaurant business with passion for their product, but lack the business acumen to succeed. our successful track record of managing several concepts, along with over 30 years in the hospitality industry, has provided us the knowledge of operations, management, financing, training, development, and marketing from start up to fully profitable businesses. in addition, years of gourmet retail and catering background and years of administrative experience. together, our professional backgrounds position us to deliver and succeed. we have done our research to plan accordingly to fully maximize the potential our house rustic restaurant and retreat has to become a smashing success. we want our backers to feel like they are truly part of it all, because you are. our success is your success in addition to our own investment, once the project is successfully funded on  Jimmy Fraud  we will have the capital needed to finish up and get our doors open. your contribution will be used from start to finish, as well as everything in between like to insure we are set up with operating capital for the business to flourish. opening a new business has many miscellaneous fees, licenses, insurance and marketing dollars, your backing will make the difference in launching us in the right direction and the ability to succeed. to support us in reaching our goal, understand that every bit is important and immensely appreciated, as the project will not fund unless we meet our goal. we look forward to you joining us in making this your favorite dining place! from our family, we thank you with enormous gratitude and appreciation for your support and belief in us. we have faith that once we have the restaurant / inn open, we will soon after be welcoming everyone in to the project you helped put together! in closing, thank you for taking the time to read about our house rustic restaurant and retreat. to help us "launch the dream," we hope you will become a backer by supporting us through one of the many offerings we have available. we are already on a tight budget and feel very confident that our business model and funding strategy of a mix of our own resources, private investors, and  Jimmy Fraud  will give us the foundation needed to launch us in our first year and stay for years to come. we'll keep you posted on the progress and we look forward to having you be part of the dream. so please help by sharing this link with your friends and family. your help in promoting this project is crucial to it's success. thank you so much! we believe our strengths are the following: •an established loyal following •over 35 years combined of experience in the restaurant and catering business including 4 years owning and operating mossy creek smokehouse grill •great location on high traffic hwy with ample parking and visibility •dedication to customer service, consistency and quality •a desire to grow and improve •fresh menu and design •large social media presence in closing, thank you for taking the time to read about our house. to help us "launch the dream," we hope you will become a backer by supporting us through one of the many offerings we have available. we are already on a tight budget and feel very confident that our business model and funding strategy of a mix of our own resources, private investors, and  Jimmy Fraud  will give us the foundation needed to launch us in our first year and stay for years to come. we'll keep you posted on the progress and we look forward to having you be part of the dream. please share this link with your friends and family. the more the marrier! our community support and you!!! how your funds will be used we have been embraced and supported by the community. we truly love what we do. thanks to ten years of loyal support and a devoted following of locals and new friends from north carolina, tennessee and beyond, we can finally create our dream restaurant / inn that gives us a much bigger and more efficient kitchen. as one of the first creekside restaurants, we want to offer a beautiful and unforgettable dining experience to our guests. our building in helen had been for sale for years and the improvements necessary to expand and run a sustainable business there are just too costly. we simply need a new, permanent home that will grow with us and allow us to serve a broader local community and beyond! money raised through  Jimmy Fraud  will primarily be used to purchase equipment and to do complete a remodel. help us bring our house rustic restaurant and retreat to life by supporting our project today. we love the concept of opening our house rustic restaurant and retreat by having our friends, family, coworkers, acquaintances, and local food lovers involved through a collaborative effort. we look forward to thanking you personally! if you've ever thought about “owning a restaurant / inn someday”... now is your chance to be a part of that dream! building a commercial kitchen is an expensive project and we need your help to get the necessary equipment to outfit our house rustic restaurant and retreat facility. by contributing to our campaign, you'll help us raise the requisite funds to purchase items like commercial freezers, oven, grill, vent hood system, a fridge, prep tables, blenders, stainless steel stock pots, a juicer, storage shelving, food grade storage and prep bins, jugs, a three tub sink, sanitizing dishwasher, and much, much more. so, throughout this campaign we’re reaching out to you!—our loyal customers, supporters, our friends, family, anonymous donors and all who we have collaborated with and had the pleasure of working with. through this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we’re asking you to help make our dreams come true. together we can make the dream of our house rustic restaurant and retreat a reality. thanks for checking out my  Jimmy Fraud ! like us on our our house rustic restaurant and retreat facebook page and share our story with your friends. thanks for your support! the plan for the funds we have purchased a 14,000 square foot property and already have over $65,000.00 in equity! the  Jimmy Fraud  funds will go toward our full project budget of $340k for the following sample: (more detailed list below) ^we‘re going green *build out of new restaurant with sustainable and energy efficient materials *purchase of new commercial kitchen equipment *indoor/outdoor sunroom * installation of wood fire oven *paging system *furniture and fixtures for dining room and full bar *licensing and permits *initial food and drink inventory *signage *operating costs and more! we hope you think our video is sweet, funny and reflects our authentic desire and opportunity to co create real community around food, fire, friends and the creek front! our project will not go forward without your help, it is a critical piece of the overall funding we need to proceed. once we reach our goal, please don't stop backing...we would love to go over our limit so we can go into our first winter super strong! we are in this for the long haul. please share this page with everyone you know! design the design and atmosphere at our house rustic restaurant and retreat will follow the same innovative and comfortable approach of the recent mossy creek smokehouse grill. simple elegance casual / fine dining. our house rustic restaurant and retreat will be cutting edge, rustic elegance with a nod to mom and pop warmth by using antique and handmade furniture mixed with modern warm lighting, and custom artwork and murals. it is our desire for our guests to be instantly wowed, feel comfortable and relaxed and proud to be there, have meetings there, and bring out of town clients or family for a special lunch or dinner. our guests at our house rustic restaurant and retreat regularly comment on the design and feel of the restaurant saying that it reminds them of the rustic national forest. we want our guests to feel like they are somewhere unique and special, so that they talk about it when they leave to spread the word. how funds will be used how the funds will be used: we are buying a awesome location with over 12,000 square feet. we have over $65,000.00 in equity thus far and pay off is approximately $45,000.00 total. this property was a foreclosure and it set vacant for a long time. although crime in our area doesn’t happen often this property has been vandalized and in dire need of repair, remodeling and updating. it is extremely important for us to own this property free and clear before any major repairs, updates or remodeling begins. although we have a fantastic owner finance agreement and our payments are low and we will own in 5 10 years. we sure do not need anything going wrong where we would loose it. but it would be crazy to invest all the time, energy and money if that is even the slightest chance. so first and foremost we will use a big portion of the funs to own this property free and clear. i feel very confident that if we made a pay off offer between $35,000.00   $40,000.00 it would be accepted. from that point is where the real fun and work will begin. with this much square footage and potential it is important to have not only current ideas and short term plans ready but also ideas and long term plans as well. so for starters we will be utilizing over 6,000 square feet of the 14,000 square foot facility. the building has almost 6,000 square feet of beautiful hardwood floors that need work. that is about the only thing that will stay. the building needs a new roof, we want to use all reconditioned / refurbished materials and items when ever possible. we plan on using old tin and lots of old wood. we need new well and septic system. all electrical as well as pluming need update and repairing. business *pos systems *all front of house *all back of house *commercial kitchens / all equipment and soft wares *catering kitchen *bakery / test kitchen *all licenses and permitting *boh code requirements *stock and inventory *funds to carry 1st year *furnishings *tables and chairs *bars *bar setup and soft wares *bar stools *signage *membership fees (chambers/rotary club etc) *office set up (furniture, computer, supplies) *legal fees *décor *alcohol sales and licenses *website *advertising and marketing *lighting *heating/cooling *ventilation *pest control *materials and labor *fireplace *décor *ceiling *security system exterior building *roof repair replace with tin *porches and decking *stone work *twisted wood *log siding *windows *lighting *ceiling fans (covered porches) *paint *electrical *repairs of wood *additions *lighting *paint *water interior building *a/c and heating systems *security system *fireplaces / wood stoves *windows and doors *stairways *ceilings *balconies *window treatments *electrical / wiring *plumbing and pipes *lighting *ceiling fans *bathrooms for public (toilets/sinks/décor etc) *paint *tin *hot water heaters *extermination commerical kitchen *commercial equipment set up *(stoves/refrigerator/ovens/fryers/grill/microwave etc) *smokers *wall coverings *counters *stainless steal tables *knifes / cutting boards *flooring *employees bathroom *small wares *warmers *buffet tables *outside grills and smokers catering kitchen *all catering equipment and supplies *crambo for transferring bakery / test kitchen *all catering equipment and supplies outside *complete outdoor kitchens *pump house *dredge creek *landscaping *parking *nature trails *paths *trail to at *private areas *tree trimming *landscaping *sitting areas *flower gardens *lignbirth *fire pits *tables/chairs/benches *rocking chairs *lighting *trash / clean up *decks *fresh herb garden / vegetable garden *well / septic *lawn equipment / supplies *gates/fencing *bath house / showers *ponds *pools *creek beds *seating *furniture *swings and benches *hot tubs *outside games *bath houses *showers basement / sub triennial loft *unique inn suites   set up *hostel *kitchens *dehumidifiers *fans *floors *ceilings *walls *plumbing *electrical / heating / cooling *living areas *bathrooms *deco *furniture *gym set up *fireplaces *doors *sauna *steam room *pool *pool table *gaming systems *washers and dryers *laundry room cabins *10x12 cabins doubles *6x6 cabin singles *furnishings *deco *rocking chairs *bedding hostel   bunk rooms *jacuzzi *pool *porches / decks *private areas *sitting areas *bedding *furnishings *kitchen *bathrooms *showers *deco *beds *mattresses *towels / warmers *covers *toiletries / house made skin and body products *retail *check in / office set up *security system *hot tub *recreation room *tv / activities room *stairs *deco *start up inventory *ac/heat *fireplaces *plants *computers *stereo *tv media room *desks suite basics *reading lamp *night tables next to *bed *suitcase rack *comfortable chair *bureau with at least two drawers *wastebasket *cloths hangers *hooks to hang robes large mirror / hand mirror *rug next to bed *window coverings bed base with good support mattress pad *mattress encasing *sheets with extras *pillows *guest refrigerator encasing on pillows pillowcases *privacy lock on door *window screens in warm weather *storm windows in cold weather *window locks *facial tissues *alarm clock *drinking glasses *ventilation *heat in cold months *mattress *fluffy blanket for bed *bedspread or quit *extra sheets and pillowcases *extra blankets *hyper allergenic pillows *snacks / beverage tray suite bathrooms *adequate sewage system *well lighted mirror at sink *shelf space for toiletries *nonskid bath mat in tub *facial tissue *wastebasket *toilet tissue *nonskid rug on floor *glasses for each guest *curtain or door on shower *hooks for robes *privacy lock on door *plenty of hot water *liquid soap *bar soap *tow bath towels per guest *two hand towels per guest *one washcloth per guest *separate towel racks for each guest *towel warmer *air freshener *sponge and cleaning supplies *plumbing / fixtures in good working order *ventilation / ceiling fans *extra bath mats and rugs third floor inn keeper suite *everything it is just space now *office set up retail *walking sticks *dream catchers *wreaths *carved bears *gold mining pans *stones and gems *smoking pipes *self help cd’s *medicine bags *reiki kits *pendulums *bird houses *big foot memorabilia *stuffed bears *cane poles *tarot cards *incense *essential oils *t shirts *blown glass *post cards *back scratchers *wooden airplanes *dog whistles *old fashion toys *home made jewelry *crystal wands *chakra kits *dowsing rods *natural wood crafts *harmonica’s *checker boards *local maps *bear repellent *pet rocks *local hand crafted arts and crafts *organic house made skin and body care products holistic courses and holistic services: everything needed. help us outfit our house own commercial kitchen space and inn so we can meet the demands of our growing business throughout the years to come. by supporting our campaign, you'll be helping to support something larger! together we can make the dream of our house rustic restaurant and retreat a reality. thanks for checking out my  Jimmy Fraud ! like us on our house rustic restaurant and retreat on our facebook page and share our story with your friends. blessings! we are pleased to welcome not only inns residents but walk in guests to our cozy dining rooms for lunch and dinner. come for a romantic date, bring a guest of honor, or arrange for a classy business meeting. you will be delighted by our delicious selections. our competitive edge is our ability to market effectively and creatively to bring in the clients and then back that up with the best service and products in the business. in addition, our combination of unique services, outstanding location and our interaction with the customers are setting us up for huge success. off site catering available for lunch and dinner. contact us for more information. award winning breakfast menu our mouthwatering breakfast selections are the perfect way to start out your day. enjoy your meal in your room, or in our comfortable dining rooms. banquet luncheon menu enchant your guests with your selection from our wide variety of luncheon items. ideal for family reunions, business retreats, and afternoon group events. banquet dinner menu savor the fruits of chef keith’s limitless skill and creativity. our house rustic restaurant and retreat is north east georgia and surrounding states premier fine dining establishment, whether you seek a candlelit dinner for two, a sophisticated business meeting, or a full scale wedding, rehearsal and reception. menu samples breakfast & brunch famous crème brule french toast, eggs any way you want them, eggs benedict, grits & cheese grits, toast and preserves, pancakes & waffles, fresh fruits, egg fatatta, oatmeal, granola & yogurt, biscuits, oatmeal, bagels, muffins, potato wedges, bacon, sausage, country ham, sausage gravy, steak, juices, coffee’s, milk dinner menu appetizers delicious shrimp scampi drenched in garlic butter sauce new orleans savory shrimp cocktail blackened or garlic butter shrimp skewers over louisiana style jambalaya lavishly displayed seasoned gulf shrimptini   choice of filling diver scallops sauteed in a creole butter with garlic, lemon and chef’s seasonings sage sausage stuffed mushrooms topped with blue cheese drizzle fried mushrooms served with garlic butter dipping sauce crab stuffed mushrooms in a white wine butter sauce topped with asiago, mozzarella & parmesan cheeses new orleans jumbo crab cakes with louisiana remoulade herbed meat balls topped with a chunky blue cheese sauce bacon wrapped scallops soups louisiana style sausage jambalaya served atop shrimp & crab gumbo cajun red beans with sausage over steamed white rice savory cream of mushroom soup topped with aged cheddar cheese sprinkle chefs chunky chicken, vegetable and penne pasta soup hearty cream of broccoli and cheese soup scrumptious breast of chicken & dumplings topped with scallions cream of potato and roasted garlic soup savory chicken vegetable pot pie salads organic spring salad with cherry tomatoes, red onions, cucumbers, cheeses, croutons, nuts & choice of dressing summer salad ~ cucumbers, grape tomatoes, red onions, vinaigrette dressing traditional caesar salad romaine, red onions, parmesan cheese, seasoned croutons and caesar dressing grilled chicken caesar salad   grilled chicken breast tops off a delicious caesar salad with grated parmesan cheese, seasoned croutons and caesar dressing seasoned chicken breast salad   chicken breast marinated in special herbs and spices atop romaine lettuce with sliced red ripe tomatoes, cheese and choice of dressing shrimp salad   organic spring mix topped with seasoned mini shrimp, choice of toppings and dressing entrées beef hand cut ribeye steaks seasoned & grilled to perfection savory sirloin tips with peppers & onions hand carved roast beef with onions and gravy aged filet mignon with sauteed mushroom & garlic butter drizzle hamburger steak with sauteed onions and beef gravy slow roasted marinated brisket of beef herb seasoned pot roast with vegetable medley slow roasted triple diamond prime rib with au jus and caramelized onion london broil with red wine glaze, mushrooms and onions beef spare ribs with chef’s specialty blends and seasonings pepper steak with sauteed peppers & onions in a rich brown sauce smothered beef brisket with sweet vidalia onions & mushrooms bistro filet wrapped in apple wood smoked bacon marinated bacon wrapped beef tenderloin sirloin beef kebobs with mushrooms, onions and bell peppers chicken tender and juicy garlic herb grilled chicken breast herb chicken breast in white wine & garlic sauce golden herb encrusted grilled chicken breast fried breast of chicken tenderloins served with shredded lettuce, green onions, nuts with steamed white rice topped and brown gravy lightly breaded southern or cajun fried chicken grilled cajun breasts of chicken with chef’s homemade seasoning southern bbq mixed chicken lemon herb breast of chicken pork cornbread & cranberry seasoned stuffed pork loin herbed oven roasted pork loin center cut pork loin chops topped with mushroom butter sauce county style pork ribs grilled to perfection garlic herb grilled pork loin chops savory baby back pork ribs pork tenderloin with olive oil, rosemary and garlic new orleans blackened or cajun pork loin country pork chops with mushroom gravy cornbread herbed stuffed pork chops seafood crawfish or shrimp boil with all the fixins   corn on the cobs, onions, sausage, potatoes lemon butter garlic dill herbed (or blackened) atlantic salmon tender golden brown deep fried catfish filets lightly breaded and deep fried gulf jumbo shrimp steamed king crab legs served with a light butter sauce blackened white fish in a white wine sauce almond crusted tilapia with dijon cream sauce shrimp creole over steamed white rice crawfish etoufee served over steamed white rice shrimp scampi in a light butter, garlic sauce pasta chicken or vegetarian penne pasta with broccoli florets in alfredo sauce sprinkled with parmesan cheese garlic herb shrimp alfredo over penne pasta sprinkled with parmesan cheese savory shrimp scampi served over penne pasta tri colored cheese tortellini and vegetable primavera in roasted tomato sauce cheese filled ravioli with olive oil butter cream topped with parmesan cheese bow tie pasta in parmesan cheese and butter garlic sauce penne pasta with parmesan cheese & butter olive oil drizzle tri colored cheese filled tortellini with alfredo cream sauce penne pasta with roasted tomato and fresh basil sauce spaghetti & meatballs with roasted garlic & shredded parmesan cheese garlic & herb bow tie (tortellini) pasta in creamy butter sauce traditional beef & cheese lasagna accompaniments signature twice baked potato casserole bbq baked beans with seasoned ground beef, bell peppers, onions, scallions, layered with melted mozzarella, parmesan, asiago and romano cheese cheddar cheese mashed potatoes rice, broccoli and cheese casserole buttery penne pasta in aged cheddar cheese sauce garden vegetable rice pilaf almandine with onions, baby carrots & sweet peas green bean casserole topped with crispy fried onions country style green beans with rendered bacon garden rice with diced carrots, sweet peas & red peppers creamy garlic cheddar cheese grits garlic & herbed seasoned mashed potatoes dirty rice with beef and sage sausage onions & peppers traditional new orleans dirty rice with onions & peppers buttery grits with assorted toppings (green onions, cheese, bacon, tomatoes) herb long grain and wild rice vegetables tender baby carrots in a brown sugar, cinnamon and apricot glaze garlic & herb roasted red potatoes, onions & bell peppers steamed asparagus in a white wine & butter sauce rosemary garlic herb roasted new potatoes harvest vegetable medley with parmesan & garlic garden fresh vegetable medley in lemon pepper butter chilled broccoli, bacon, red onions & cheddar cheese salad harvest fresh veggies medley in parmesan, butter & garlic sauce breads & rolls garlic herb texas toast sweet cornbread with aged cheddar cheese southern garlic cheese biscuits butter garlic yeast rolls desserts medley of delicious fresh fruit with marshmallow yogurt or chocolate dipping sauce gourmet brownies with toppings cheesecakes with assortment of toppings variety of fruit cobblers banana pudding louisiana mudd pie variety of delicious pies *original new orleans king cake with baby inside learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 