i/descriptionfrom award winning director gabriele paoli an emotional short film written by steve brumwell . father figure | love is in the blood . logline a street tough teenage boy and his council estate dad must confront intense new emotions after a huge secret is revealed. synopsys robbie clarke is 19, street wise, work hard, play hard, he is living in the concrete cacophony of inner city london. he is street tough and savvy. billy clarke is 39, a working class father, he can look after himself and has taught robbie to stand his ground. billy has recently told his wife of 19 years, debbie , that he is leaving her for another man. she immediately throws him out and forbids him t o have any contact with robbie. robbie believes that his dad didn’t have the courage to tell him face to face, and cannot cope with the rage this is causing. two weeks have passed. debbie has conceded to let billy see robbie, she believes that a healing process needs to take place for everyone, but especially their son. now on the rooftop of his building, robbie is repairing his moped, unaware that billy is about to come home to try and rebuild his treasured relationship with his son. robbie is not prepared for the violence of his emotions and the betrayal he feels. billy is staggered backwards by the venom of his son’s words. the two must find some way to be father and son again. the film aims to show the primal, chemical connection between a father and his son and the universalness of the feelings of love and loss. mood it’s like the tv show shameless (for the working class characters) meets god’s own country (for the intensity and approach to the theme) meets guy ritchie (for the style) script excerpt why do we need these funds? we are seeking your support to enable us to tell this important story with the flourish and visual flair expected at the a list festivals that need to see it. sundance 2018 / venice film festival 2018 / bfi london 2018 / cannes 2019/ palm springs lgbtq 2018/ toronto international film festival 2018/ encounters short film festival 2018... we are searching for a talented cast and crew that understand that tone and atmosphere are essential in enabling the themes explored to resonate universally. this story needs to be told without compromise and your contributions will create the independence to achieve this goal. if you have any questions about the project, if you wish to get in touch, to collaborate or if you have suggestions for other rewards please get in touch at info@gabrielepaoli.com why 10k? let's breakdown the costs aside for equipment and location , over 30 people will will be working on this project for several days: director director of photography + assistants producers script supervisor sound technician sound designer editor colourist gaffer focus puller grip production designer runners costume designer + costumes hairstylist mua + special effects behind the scenes photographer soundtrack composer 2 actors after the short film is ready additional budget is required for: screening official photo shoot for poster and flyers online campaigns & promotion international festival submissions why is father figure important? father figure endeavours to show the power of the father/son relationship through a prism not often explored. the masculine bond is complicated at times through jealously, rivalry but at it’s core there is a special banter type relationship that can be used to display deep feelings of love and affection. for some people the street is the only teacher they will know and it can be a hard education. the inability to openly display feelings that society deems feminine or homosexual through a lack of verbal articulation can lead to the situations we aim to present in the movie. even today it is still hard to come out as gay , when your environment is driven by the need to be seen as an alpha male then that experience can be even more terrifying. now add into that the relationship of father and son , the years of trust and love built up through constant contact, the pedestal a son can place his father upon. when that pedestal appears to crumble how does the street tough son react? when he may never feel the love of his son again, how does the father react. a gay father is still a father and his biological and chemical bond with his child is no different to any other relationship. this is an unexplored facet of the lgbtq community and we feel the source of much trauma and heartbreak for father and son’s alike, and of course the mother’s who often have to pick up the pieces. everyone deserves the dignity and respect to go through these emotions and come out the other side stronger. we hope father figure is helpful. writer steve brumwell explains his vision. steve brumwell the story emerged from some very intense feelings i found myself struggling with. in 2017, i had to spend four months away from my family, living in san francisco, trying to raise money for a start up. my daughters were 3 and 5. i knew it was going to be tough but had no understanding of the rawness of the reality. i missed my kids on a chemical level, their smell, their touch and their sounds. it was like a withdrawal. i have been on sertraline for 25 years and once foolishly went cold turkey trying to quit. i lost the centre of my entire being, i had no clue how to speak or what i was feeling. when my kids came to visit for a week it was like i couldn’t let them out of my site, i couldn’t envision not seeing them again for another two months. exploring the themes of masculinity, fatherhood, guilt and fear. i think this is a universal experience and i was interested to see if i could translate that way with people from different backgrounds. i hope i have. father figure has an award winning cast & crew we will unveil all the cast and crew members every week. let's start with these ladies: lynn jackett (make up designer/ hair designer) x men: first class, pan, cinderella, maleficent, burnt, marco polo, my week with marilyn arianna dal cero (costume designer) dartmoor killing, free rein, apocalypse, the aliens, madness in the method. she styled taylor swift, bruno mars, jay z... that's our amazing locations: check it out! council estate rooftop 1 rooftop 2 rooftop 3 rooftop 4 rooftop 5 check out the showreel from director gabriele paoli gabriele has cut his teeth on innovative and well received music videos and commercials. his greatest wish is to tell human stories on a broader stage. father figure is a taster for the feature that gabriele and the writer have planned. everything to this point has been preparation for the move into a wider cinematic direction. gabriele is a vibrant new voice and is hungry to share his vision coupled to powerful stories. we look forward to your support. https://www.gabrielepaoli.com about gabriele risks and challenges of course every creative project carries the risk of not reaching it’s goals of the maximum exposure possible. however as a team we are very clearsighted and focused in ensuring that our passion for father figure is carried through and we release the best possible vision of this important story. although short films are not usually the best examples of an roi in the financial sense, for the filmmakers they are crucial building blocks in a career. engaging with the people that father figure is being made for is crucial to us as filmmakers. showing the validity of universal themes through under represented communities is a crucial part of the human experience and bringing us all closer together. this is why we hope you back us in our dedication in bringing father figure to as many screens as possible! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 