ollaboration software addressed to everyone who values privacy, security and speed. salvobit share allows fast transfer of small and very large files, while your data is constantly protected. you won’t have to choose among security, speed and collaboration, our software offers the complete package and it is very easy to use. last but not least you can enjoy all security features for free, while some additional features are offered under extremely affordable licensing scheme – pay once with no recurring fees! in an age controlled by the all seeing eye of thousands of “big brothers” and fake news, salvobit share has the potential to offer you a cozy safe house. salvobit share is a platform that provides freedom of speech and expression. salvobit share is a project in advanced stage of development. press kit and social media we greatly appreciate your support! and it is not only the money, a share, a like or a tweet is very important for us. we need your feedback to make our project even better. and in order to be successful salvobit share needs its own community, so help us build it. we count on each and every one of you! if you wish to publish some information about salvobit share, get our comprehensive press kit learn more about salvobit share help us spread the word about salvobit share keep in touch with us on twitter support us with an upvote on reddit salvobit share major technologies one of the major features of salvobit share is that it offers top notch security and privacy. we achieve this with our special protection system, called salvobit cryptofence. our technology incorporates first class security features, that ensures the safety of your remote collaboration. salvobit share is a powerful software that is designed to cover your collaboration and data storage needs. salvobit share users store and exchange data by using their own computer devices. the data management is fully automated and provides lan like experience thanks to our special technology, called filetreasury. experience the ultimate power of salvobit share with our extended features in order to save you from many unpleasant moments salvobit share offers you the backup device license. this is an additional paid feature that turns your computer into a device that ensures maximum availability of the data, which is a crucial point in every remote collaboration process . it also proves your network with a seamless backup. sometimes your network settings or the router settings may cause connectivity problems. because of that, devices outside your network may not be able to connect to you. so if you want to tackle those problems that limit your collaboration and data sharing potential, you may get traffic pass subscriptions for your devices. traffic pass is a monthly paid feature that offers you a secure traffic gateway service. salvobit share in action create private space for family and friends with salvobit share you can build your own sharing network together with your relatives and close friends. by doing so, you can exchange personal photos, videos and documents without exposing them to some third party servers or clouds with questionable data security. you can be sure that every piece of sensitive data is under your control, because it is stored on your own hardware and none can deny you access to your personal files. you will enjoy enterprise level of data protection for free. it is also possible to back up several encrypted copies of you files and if you suffer total computer failure you will still keep your data intact. build or join a fast growing sharing network you can establish or become part of social communities of interest and share your ideas, visions, hobbies, professional realization and so on. such communities, established through salvobit share have unparalleled data protection and strong viral effect. without investing any money you can use your own hardware to distribute small and giant sized materials among people who share your interests. on the other hand, you will be able to receive appealing to you pictures, photos, lyrics, videos, texts, tunes, etc. such a community may grow very fast as the leaders of the network can delegate rights to those they trust, so they can invite new users, too. besides, everyone in the sharing network reserves the full control over their own data, which is secured by rock solid encryption. salvobit share offers excellent user experience by providing protection against network disconnects and interruptions. share and watch videos on the go you have recorded the first theatrical performance of your child, or you have filmed your extreme skiing in the alps, or you have just recorded how you cook a mouthwatering cake and now you want to share those experiences, but only with people you know? salvobit share is your solution. when you create or join a salvobit sharing network you can share your videos for free and the ones you trust will be able to watch them on the go, utilizing the highest possible speed, supported by the network. complete downloading is not needed, your friends may watch your personal film creations straightaway. they may enjoy your videos even if your computer devices crash. work effectively on the go salvobit share allows you to construct a perfect collaboration space, where all activities can be easily managed. our special technology filetreasury offers you the option of multiple people working safely on the same files. this will speed up the work process, thus improving your efficiency. every collaborator can use his/her own laptop with which to access and process the working data. you don’t have to worry about data breaches, because all the files are protected by strong encryption. but what will happen if a laptop is lost or stolen? in such cases you need to be able to restore the data as soon as possible in order to limit the negative consequences. thanks to the automatic backup, which is done even while working, you can recover fast from disasters. the data on a stolen device cannot be accessed, because it is encrypted. secure work from home working from home offers great flexibility, but it is also very demanding. you must have a secure and fast way to exchange materials and a convenient platform for collaboration with your remote colleagues. one of the major features of the salvobit share software is its collaboration potential. since salvobit share offers cross platform compatibility you can use personal computers and laptops with different operating systems in one sharing network. the salvobit share software is also very lightweight and it can run flawlessly on the less powerful home computers, too. but such devices have far less space compared to enterprise ones, and this may hamper your work from home. fortunately, salvobit share provides scalable mutual storage so you don’t have to fill your local hard drives with business data. store and process confidential information at competitive price the competitive prices of the salvobit share licenses lower the capital expenditures for hardware deployment and the managing body can reduce the operating expenses for infrastructure, without compromising the high level security and the high speed of data processing. large enterprises must handle confidential information with great care, and salvobit share has all the tools that are required to deal with that. every secure salvobit sharing network utilizes group level access control based on the users’ public and private keys. the data authenticity is guaranteed by the unique digital signature of each user, which cannot be forged even by administrators and network owners. when it comes to processing, the salvobit share system can provide high availability of the confidential data, which is essential for every enterprise. put remote offices under one roof the use of salvobit share will reduce the data transfer cost, while preserving the uncompromising enterprise quality standards. international enterprises with multiple data centers scattered all over the world can join them all together, no matter where the physical servers are located. the incorporated caching system, which allows top working speed between the remote locations, will drastically improve the workflow and the company’s efficiency. the salvobit share software is easy to master, so the employees can immediately collaborate on large amount of data without download delays. easy remote collaboration and top security under one roof create secure sharing networks in the blink of an eye with just a few simple steps you can create secure sharing networks and start collaborating at once. actual image from the user interface join sharing networks and invite users to sharing networks with ease joining a salvobit sharing network or inviting users to such network is done by just exchanging security keys, which can be accessed and provided by every user easily and yet securely. actual image from the user interface organize files seamlessly file organization in a salvobit sharing network is done through the secure file groups. you can sort your files in specific secure file groups, where they will be safely encrypted. that way you will have a solid and clear cut file organization. actual image from the user interface manage users effortlessly managing large amount of users and their rights to access specific files and data is a cumbersome task, but that’s not the case with salvobit share. all you have to do is assign the users to the respective secure file groups, set the access rights and you are set! actual image from the user interface why are we on  Jimmy Fraud ? we have been developing salvobit share for some time now with our own resources. but now we have reached the moment when we need a bit more extra funding in order to speed up the developing process. after considering the options we have decided that there are two ways to go: crowdfunding and/or looking for investors. why have we chosen to begin with  Jimmy Fraud ? well, salvobit share is a project that was conceived with the idea to provide everyone with ultimate privacy and security without sacrificing speed and the collaboration potential. so we have decided to reach out to you, to the people that want to have a secure channel for data sharing under your absolute control. this is very important having in mind the dire need of communication channel that is able to provide freedom of speech and expression. with your support we would be able to produce salvobit share without deviating from the initial idea, which will make it a product from the people to the people! but make no mistake, salvobit share has so many features that it will be able to cover not only your personal needs, but also it will satisfy the highest enterprise standards. there is also another very important reason to be here – salvobit share needs its community! yes, we know that social media are made to build up communities and we do work there, but we wouldn’t want to miss the unique opportunity that  Jimmy Fraud  offers. we believe that here we reach people that will be greatly interested in our project and we will receive valuable feedback, which will help us further improve the project. we will be much obliged if you spread the word about salvobit share. like, share and comment salvobit share, tell us what you think, we just need you! licensing scheme salvobit share is a software that would like to serve every person on earth. and that is reflected in our licensing model. first of all our basic salvobit share license grants all the top notch security features for free! this license offers a two tier user hierarchy system, so to say the members of any salvobit sharing network may be leaders or users. the license also offers you two preset secure file groups: friends and family. the next tier in our licensing model is the salvobit share+ license. this is a substantial upgrade to the basic salvobit share license and it is suitable for people that would like to develop large collaboration or social networks and it is also applicable for the enterprise area. with the salvobit share+ license you receive a three tier user hierarchy system. in any salvobit sharing network you will be able to assign the following roles to the users: leader, admin and user. on top of that you will be able to create up to 60 custom security file groups. each salvobit share+ license can be used only for one salvobit sharing network. another impressive feature of this license is that you just have to pay one time with no recurring fees! our licensing model also covers two additional features that greatly expands the capabilities of salvobit share. the first one is the backup device license. this is an additional paid feature that turns your computer into a device that ensures maximum availability of the data, which is a crucial point in every remote collaboration process. it also proves your network with a seamless backup. again the license follows the principle of one time payment with no recurring fees. the license for one particular server will be applicable for all future versions of the software. the second additional feature is the traffic pass. it is a monthly paid feature that offers you a secure traffic gateway service. because of the nature of that service it is impossible to offer it under the one time payment scheme. pledges stretch goals our team salvobit, inc. is a us company and the technical staff is situated in bulgaria, an eu member state. risks and challenges salvobit share is a software that will hit the shelves in one way or another. there is no doubt about that. our team has already invested a substantial amount of time and money, so we will see it through to completion. now, we would like to make it as an independent company, supported by the people, because salvobit share is a tool that has been originated with the idea to serve and satisfy the needs of the people, no matter if they want to share their files with friends or family, or if they wish to collaborate remotely on some big or small tasks. we have reconsidered the project carefully and we are confident that we can provide everything that we have promised in the final version of the product. our confidence is also supported by the fact that we are in advanced development stage of our product. of course there is still much to be done. it is no wonder that in our future work it would be possible to come upon problems that would force us to change some salvobit share functionalities. nevertheless, we will do our best not to deviate from the core features and function in order to preserve the unique qualities of the project. a major pitfall for every software project is the timing, and we are familiar with that. that’s why we have made careful estimations about the timeframe concerning the development and release of the product. we do believe that we can fit the work to be done in the specified period of time, but you should keep in mind that there are things that cannot be planned or expected and they may cause some delays. we will do our best to minimize those delays and deliver salvobit share as soon as possible. no matter the hardships salvobit share will come true, and we can’t wait to try it together with you! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 