criptionthe big institute: 11 x ted style lectures to change the world “whatever variation is possible under culture is possible under nature;— not that the same form would ever be accumulated & arrived at by selection for man’s pleasure, & by natural selection for the organism’s own good.” – charles darwin charles darwin was correct and wrong here. culture does indeed operate for (hu)man’s pleasure (or expressed interest as you’ll find out) but he was not correct when he said that cultural change is possible under nature. it is not. nature doesn’t make nuclear weapons, international space stations, televisions, books, or any billions of other artefacts that humans make, and can’t stop making. ponder on the term ‘artificial’. it means both human made, and not natural. why is this relevant? well, darwin failed to generate an accepted theory of culture in his time, and 10+ schools of thought that have tried to darwinise culture since his time have also failed. i however, have succeeded. it might seem strange that the person that cracked culture (if you hold that thought for a moment) has such a strong emphasis on earth, but our relationship with the natural world, and the straining pressure we are putting on its very aggregate is all about the power of culture to affect the natural world. get this, if buckminster fuller's notion of 'energy slaves' holds and the average western human needed 150 human power to fuel our lives, if all 7.5 billion humans lived to this standard then we'd press on nature with the force of over one trillion humans. every day. cultural expression is right at the heart of the earth issue. no, seriously, look again at the word e(art)h. it’s right there in front of you. culture is so powerful in changing the natural world that geology is discussing the idea that our actions over the last 300 years merit our own geological epoch: the anthropocene. we need to understand this dimension of culture with increased urgency. in understanding how culture works to the newtonian/darwinian level, it allows us to realise and remedy our relationship with the natural world like never before. i’m going to showcase the power of human imagination over 11 x bigs (big idea groups) that all come from the body of my work. each will be an 18 minute ted style lecture that i’ll be synthesising my work down to over the next 12 months, and with your help in funding this project i can spend the 2,000 hours needed to do this. i had worked on 11 x a4 page summaries for you all to read, but there is a character limit to the  Jimmy Fraud  project description. so i’ll detail fuller summaries of some of the bigs here, particularly the ones relating to earth and nature, and shorter versions of the others on the big institute blog site. https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/ all of the bigs stand on their own as powerful examples of human imagination and knowledge. moreover, in total they are a powerful argument leading to big11.easter planet where we revive rene dubos’ suggestion of an 11th commandment, the first human commandment to recommit to the natural world. in this project earth moment, there can be no greater statement from humankind and culture. big01.expression: the theory of culture connecting and unifying the arts, humanities and social sciences. this is a process of expression, not evolution. big02.making sense of mind: culture operates in relative concert with mind. not primordial, or proto mind, but mind (proper). it is the seat of human creativity and control and it merits sensehood. big03.postmodern synthesis: from expression it is possible to bridge into the natural sciences, sophisticating evolutionary theory, even to the point of a general theory of nature. big04.theoretical sociophysics: it is possible to bridge into the physical sciences where the virtual/social dimension offers new insights into the physical dimension and a deeper understanding of how time, meaning and information work. big05.theory of knowledge (the berger table): just as there is a periodic table for elements, there is a structure to knowledge which we can tabulate in similar fashion. the berger table. big06.personas culturis naming matters: the branch of (human) biography that comes from the tree of life means we need a more reflective species name for the 100s of ways of being human. personas culturis is a fuller, more accurate name for our species. naming matter, and this is who we are. big07.the technoosphere: the technology networking and supporting modern life is not the biosphere, it is the technoosphere, of which the internet is but a part. this big illuminates this sphere. big08.social capitalism & range economics: capitalisms are economic systems of accumulation and allocation. we need a form of capitalism that has less creative destruction, and this is the answer. big09.nobels & and economic & social science prize: this body of work comes from the social sciences and in the light of this the nobels need to reflect the power of social sciences in their prizes. big10.the god question: how god is human? this big challenges people of faith & science. god (real or not) has a part to play in understanding culture, and our relationship to nature & knowledge. big11.easter planet: culture is different but not detached from the natural world. this big takes a ‘nature’s eye view’ and the promotion of an 11th commandment to recommit to the natural world. thebiginstitute.introduction “although we have a very nice picture of how evolution occurred genetically, we still don’t, there’s not yet been a darwin for cultural evolution. we know a lot about it but we don’t really understand the mechanisms” – paul ehrlich big is in. you’ve almost certainly heard of fred hoyle’s “big bang” of the universe, but did you know that humankind has their own big bang? neuroscientist william calvin has written about the big bang of human mind, and anthropologist richard klein on the big bang of human consciousness. we’re talking about the dimension of culture here which is a big bang moment in the history of the universe, and we’re still searching for the theory that pulls it all together. such a theory of culture would do for the social sciences what newton did for physics (although it was natural philosophy in his time), and darwin did for the biological and natural sciences. recently we’ve had david christian’s big history (project), and sean carroll’s big picture, and even big data pulling information and knowledge together but narrative is not the same as metanarrative. big in this sense is newton and darwin big, and that is what i’m proposing…..with your help. this  Jimmy Fraud  project is ‘the big institute’ (which is me) with 11 x ted style lectures that cover 11 bigs (big idea groups). i’ll outline each big below but be wary that big knowledge isn’t always initially comforting, it can be very disconcerting and for some very unsettling. such is the nature of big, truly revolutionary theory. this is my 21st year working on this. i’ve got millions and millions of words of rich theory on this which have been distilled down to law(s), a detailed series of feynman like diagrams, even an equation for culture. at this point i could go into any tribe in the world (with a translator) and using just a stick draw the mechanics of culture in the dirt to the point where they get how culture works. with your support here i’d like to do something a little more high tech and far ranging with these 11 x ted style lectures which summarise my body of work, now into its 3rd decade. first up, we’ll start with the awareness that it’s not cultural evolution we need to understand, but cultural expression. that is to say that when we squeeze all the activity and phenomena across humankind, and all human history, we need to be super sure that the single word conveying all of that action is the correct one. evolution is not that term. expression is. i’ll gladly explain why that is. big01.expression “it was the best of times, it was the worst of times” – charles dickens what makes culture tick? big outline: the organic world of nature emerged from the physical world, and with it ‘life’. at one point in the history of the universe there was no life, but it came about when the dimension of nature came about. keep that in mind, because i’m going to tell you now that ‘time’ only came about when the dimension of culture emerged from the natural world. humans make stuff. actually, they can’t stop not making and creating stuff. this stuff is all around us as the artificial (not natural/human made) and it feeds back on us all the time. actually, it feeds back on us as time. all artefacts are ‘conversational mediums’. that’s easier to understand with books, art and  Jimmy Fraud  projects like this, but more tricky will other artefacts. however, just like a conversation goes back and forward so does our engagement with the billions, even trillions of artefacts all around. we express ourselves (create) into the stuff all around us, and it sticks around (continues) through expressed interest. to understand the laws of motion and notion of culture we need to understand this constant circulation between, (a) the stuff we have created around us, (which i call placetime) and (b) the effect it has on the here and now, (which we call meantime). we refer to ‘information’ but by this we really mean these two times ‘in formation’. we record our experience into placetime, and this loads back onto us constantly as/in meantime. this is tricky, using words to describe something so dynamic, so i’ve worked on a system of diagrams displaying how this all works. evolution doesn’t manage this process, it is one of expression. 1. we express ourselves into the artificial world around us we create. 2. this creation is continued by our expressed interest (adoption, not adaptation), and 3. this is an express process. this revolution upon revolution gets quicker and quicker and we’re now in a position to understand it like never before. stephen jay gould called culture ‘the lamarckian juggernaut'. it's really important to realise this is not cultural evolution, but cultural expression. it is a process that we, a single species are responsible for. we don’t live in ecological niches, we live in ‘times’, the constant action and interaction of placetime and meantime. in a big sense, we need to take responsibility for our time(s). big outcome: culture comes from human creative expression as the artificial world we see around us of trillions and trillions of artefacts. unlike dna, this is the source code of culture. in buildings, books, clothing, technology, laws, media, etc we design a world that in turn plays a telling part in defining us. it’s not possible at this time to be certain of all the outcomes, but again, think about how newton level, and darwin level bodies of work have changed the world, and we’re looking at something like that. newton’s principia was published in 1687. 172 years later we had darwin’s origin of species in 1859. if we can get these 11 x ted style lectures out for next year that’ll be 159 years after darwin. newtonising the social sciences (arts and humanities) is a wonderful coming of age in the same sense that physics and the biological sciences came of age with newton and darwin. we’re talking about providing an intellectual spine for all work, all expression, all disciplines along the social epistemological spectrum (i’ll try and keep the fancy words to a minimum). the other 10 bigs that i’m going to outline are stand alone bigs, but together they represent a body of work that isn’t just bigger than anything that has come before, we’re talking big. full stop big02.making sense of mind “the human brain provides possibly the only departure, the only possible engine of departure from darwinian principles.” – richard dawkins is the human mind a sense? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big02making sense of mind.html big03.postmodern synthesis “we're beginning to see the coalescence of a new and quite different theory from that that represented the strict darwinism of the so called modern synthesis. a new and different theory with a darwinian core is being forged, exciting and fruitful theory in the very best sense that first of all it is quite different in many important respects from what was the standard take.” – stephen jay gould how does nature and evolution work in 2017? big outline: while culture (and mind in relative concert) is about our developing second nature, our other nature, this big is about mother nature, the evolutionary process and how we express that through our range of knowledge(s) in 2017 and beyond. darwin used ‘natural selection’ as a metaphor for ‘man’s methodical selection’ in culture. nature’s “selection” is not conscious, and doesn’t have the foresight of human selection and darwin was clear in stating and restating that natural selection was the main, but not the exclusive means of modification. i’ll refer to this as ‘classical darwinism’. however, over the 1930/40s, the ‘modern synthesis’ emerged as a neo darwinian fusion of darwin’s theory of evolution and mendelian genetics. since this time evolution has become more hard, more genetic to the point where genes as crucial process in evolution are referred to as the purpose of evolution. the postmodern synthesis is a rejection of this narrowing of evolutionary theory. instead, the postmodern synthesis expands classical darwinism out towards a general theory of nature. in working through what culture is, a lot of that is working through what it is not and that means getting to grips with evolutionary theory and what is happening in nature. the postmodern synthesis uses the explanatory power of the trilectic mechanism previously discussed, and aligns it with richard lewontin’s triple helix, edward o. wilson’s sociobiology, classical darwinism and the inclusion of other means of modification and process in evolution (such as epigenetics), towards a general theory of nature that we can see in the earth systems science approach in james lovelock’s gaia approach. big outcome: we’re doing big knowledge here and illuminating how culture and society work. when you’re watching television or listening to radio and a commentator refers to a team, political party, etc as having something “in their dna” when it is in their culture, or psychology, that is wrong and we need to understand the developments that foster such convenient ignorance. this comes from an incomplete reading of nature, and transferring that shortcoming back onto culture. from the modern synthesis the genetic basis of behaviour became an increasing focus and from this cultural/historical bandwagon sociobiology (1975), cultural ethology (1975) and memetics (1976 ‘the selfish gene’) emerged. evolutionary psychology (1992) is one of several more recent expansions of this idea. when we say that something is natural we need to be really, really (really) clear what we mean by nature. is nature a model of sustainability and diversity borne of geological time with intermittent and varying evolutionary processes and forces, or is nature an arena for neo darwinian genetic selection to operate? are there a range of ‘actions’ within the evolutionary process, with natural selection being the main, but not exclusive, as classical darwinism states? how important are discoveries/contributions like epigenetics, systems biology, etc in refining our understanding of the evolutionary process, and nature more generally? the postmodern synthesis is a social science based response to evolutionary theory towards a general theory of nature. in big.08 we’re going to look at social capitalism and the importance of efficiency and ‘what is nature?’ is fundamental to that. furthermore, in big11.easter planet we foster a ‘nature’s eye view’ to the planet and a postmodern synthesis is important on its own, and in its contribution to these other bigs. big04.theoretical sociophysics & equation “well i think the key thing is to acknowledge the role of culture but not to treat it as some autonomous force, some surrounding gas, or some force like gravity that just magically causes people to behave.”   steven pinker how do we measure meaning and time? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big04theoretical sociophysics.html big05.theory of knowledge (berger table) "..an interesting possibility for what might be called a sociological psychology, that is, a psychology that derives its fundamental perspectives from a sociological understanding of the human condition."   peter berger and thomas luckmann is there a periodic like table for knowledge? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big05theory of knowledge berger table.html big06.personas culturis: naming matters “historical experiment after experiment reveals the same answer: we are a fluke of nature, a quirk of evolution, a glorious contingency.”   michael shermer should ‘personas culturis’ be our species name? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big06personas culturis naming matters.html big07.the technoosphere “this is one small step for man. one giant leap for mankind.”   neil armstrong what is the technoosphere? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big07the technoosphere.html big08.social capitalism & range economics “if the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin.”   charles darwin when is enough, enough? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big08social capitalism range economics.html big09.nobels & an economics and social science prize “everyone knows that the social sciences are hypercomplex.they are inherently far more difficult than physics and chemistry, and as a result they, not physics and chemistry, should be called the hard sciences.” – edward o. wilson should there be an economics and social science nobel prize? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big09nobels economics and social.html big10.the god question “god is the only being who need not even exist in order to reign.” – charles baudelaire how god is human? click here for a full summary of this big https://theebigblog.blogspot.co.uk/2017/08/big10the god question.html big11.easter planet “there is no plan b, because there is no planet b.” – ban ki moon can humankind adopt an 11th commandment? big outline: by the time we get to this point in lecture 11 we’ve covered a lot. you’ll be aware of all kinds of “i didn’t know that” stuff, and this final big is about something current and pressing, our impact on the natural world. rapa nui (easter island) is an example of how humans overran nature to the point where their civilisation collapsed, and this big frames our current predicament with nature as one of easter planet. if nature had a vote, or a voice it would not go along with evolutionary theory as an explanation of what humans do. what we do is unnatural, artificial but very real, with very real consequences for the natural world. it was the early 1800s before we reached one billion humans. we’ve added another billion in just the last 12 years and it has tremendous impact on nature’s aggregate to support the array of human lifestyles we have the billions and billions of artefacts we’ve made. as discussed in big04 ‘energy slavery’ means our impact on nature could be up to one trillion humans, and with this new metric and the ‘nature’s eye view’ we need something big in terms of appreciating our real impact on the natural world, on species, rivers, oceans, climate, landscapes, even geology. geological periods last for millions of years, but the anthropocene is an idea gaining traction as testimony to the pressure we put on the planet from just 300 years of human industrial activity. we also need something big that shows we are taking this situation with the gravity it merits. edward o. wilson (who has tried to darwinise culture with 3 approaches now) is aware of the creative and destructive power of humans, particularly on nature and his current half earth "visionary blueprint for saving the planet" proposes humankind dedicate half the surface of the earth to nature. there is no doubting wilson’s commitment to the natural world, and while we need to consider this and other measures, we need something more. cue rene dubos, and the big outcome. “earth and humanity are thus two complimentary components of a system that might be called cybernetic, since each shapes the other in a continuous act of creation….to strive for environmental quality might be considered as an eleventh commandment.” – rene dubos we’re not gods, we’re humans. i (and rene) are not changing any commandments, what we are advocating is the addition of a commandment that (a) recognises our impact on the planet, and (b) recognises our current state of knowledge and the responsibility we need to take in the light of this. culture is different but not detached from the natural world. it is a difference of dimension, beyond the measure of evolutionary theory. i’ll say that time and time again as a person into his third decade on scratching, digging and drilling away at how culture works. all that work brings us back to this point where i’m arguing the need, through evidence, for humankind to express and adopt an 11th commandment. we’re the only species without a natural environment and through culture and the expressive process we’ve reached a point where we can override nature in part, a creative destructive part. while nature is there with every breath we take, we can’t ignore the impact humankind and culture have on our planet. we’re right at the centre of the earth problem. seriously, look at that word again: e(art)h, human expression is right at the centre of it. we need a statement from our time, to all of time and the biggest, most justified statement we can make is an 11th commandment. it crystalises the notion that we’re different, we’re more and we’re taking responsibility for our actions individually and collectively and making the future respectful of our present. our gift. p.s. right now we don't need to get it perfect, but we do need to get it started. thank you for your time. risks and challenges what i’m proposing to do here is an enormous undertaking. i’m taking over 20 years of work and distilling this down into 11 x 18 minute ted style lectures. these lectures have to clearly and fully illuminate each big (big idea group), and inspire the viewer to think about each subject in a new, fuller and exciting way. this is a slightly different challenge that the one i have overcome looking back over the last two decades and more. i’ve managed to “crack culture” when (a) evolutionary theory said they could, and couldn’t, and (b) the social sciences dissuaded students from even trying such an enterprise. i’m single minded about this whole quest(ion), and i am driven to explain culture to the fullest, and deepest of levels yet through the most accessible method possible. traditionally, this would mean writing a book but there have been so many false dawn books claiming to have cracked culture that doesn’t seem the way to go at this time. people are busy and the ted style lectures are a quicker way of conveying these bigs. after all, if i’ve discovered what is a deeper truth then it doesn’t belong to me and in sharing these through the lectures to the widest possible audience for free feels right. there are financial challenges. i’m willing to leave my current job and devote myself to this  Jimmy Fraud  project full time for 2,000 hours of work over a whole year, while still supporting my wife and kids. i’m not pleading poverty here. we are where we are on this, and if i can secure the funding then i’m more than happy to focus for a year, concentrating on realising all the potential that i have created over the last 20+ years. so it will be a challenge working for £5 an hour but i'm at the stage now where (a) i'm ready to present my work in a full accessible way, and (b) i think the world really needs this on several levels, and across a range of areas. it’s important for me to be transparent throughout this whole year. i have a facebook page, twitter account, blog and you tube channel all setup and i’ll be making videos and other content on a regular basis, certainly several uploads every week. i’m open to questions and making short videos on points raised through live twitter sessions for example. understanding how a conversation works, and how it is recorded is a quick and pretty accurate way of understanding how culture works. i’m going to engage in this work and in a conversation with the 1,000 people sponsoring this pioneering work. using the social media at our disposal we can create a community over the next year and beyond with plenty of content and comment from me over the next 12 months. keep this in mind, i'm also a fan of knowledge and a range of people in history. the idea of darwin kicking about right now, being online sharing his thoughts across a range of current platforms, that sounds pretty exciting. well, to those interested in this area of knowledge i can offer something similar. one lasting challenge in all of this has been remaining positive while a lack of audience remains around me. the good thing here is that i retain a youthful wonder about all these areas and the realisation that i have been at the forefront of real discovery has spurned me on, while engaged in this much needed work to make a difference in how humans see themselves, in relation to each other, in relation to nature and even the wider cosmos. this is big daunting stuff, but your £11 x 1,000 heralds the start of a challenging, stressful but ultimately rewarding year that promises to change knowledge in our time, and beyond. such progress doesn’t come easy but with your interest and £11 pledges i’ll realise all that i am claiming and more and we’ll all be able to look back in one year’s time with tremendous pride at what we’ll produce and present next year. challenging? yes. stressful? you bet. rewarding. more than you can imagine. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 