escriptionfunding complete    what now? we've made it to our goal, which is completely amazing and wonderful, so i just wanted to let everyone know what we're hoping to do with any additional funds raised. the $4000 goal was the bare minimum to get to los angeles and shoot the final section, but there are many more expenses associated with this project and anything donated about the goal will be directly used to fund the project and to carry it through to completion. any additional funds raised will go towards: 1) additional 16mm stock for the los angeles shoot    as the film progresses, hd becomes less prevalent and 16mm begins to take over. the more 16mm we can afford, the more we'll be able to pull off this aesthetic choice. 2) processing and scanning 16mm stock    we need to develop what we shoot out there, and it's not cheap. 3) a professional surround sound mix    we want this film to be 100% theater ready, and to do that we'll need to get a profession 5.1 mix done for the film so that it sounds its very best in the theater. 4) festival submission fees    these really add up, so any additional funding will help us ensure that the right festivals see this film and that we have the widest opportunity to get this film screened wherever people want to see it. 5) hard drives    we'll have all the media safely backed up and ready post la, but we need a large, professional hard drive to allow us to efficiently work on the finished film. in a best case scenario, if this project raises around $6000, we'll be able to complete the film worry free! (but don't worry, we'll complete it no matter what, it just might take a little longer.) thank you all. what is this? empathy is a feature length documentary about em, a queer escort living and working in nyc, which follows her as she moves to pittsburgh and sees clients, and then finally to los angeles, bridging america's two coasts and morphing into new identities in new locations. we stay with her in the little moments between clients in a series of hotel rooms, in a loving queer sex worker house, as she withdraws from heroin and relapses again, and moves endlessly between spaces and roles, changing herself as needs be to survive. but then there's the other bits, nyc sunrises in super slow motion, convertibles flying down california's route 1 and strange reveals that trouble the idea of 'reality', with moments of careful observation sitting next to flights of fancy. (we can't quite reveal which are which.) the only thing left to shoot is the final moments in los angeles, where em has recently completed a rehab program for heroin and is currently in sober living, which brings the film across the country and will complete several storylines of the film. shot on a combination of super 16mm and several types of digital cameras, the film is a patchwork of formats and locations, tracing a certain current of american life in all its inconsistencies and beauties. why this film? there's plenty of documentaries about queer sex workers, but we hope this one is special in how it looks and how it's made. the escort at the film's center is also a co producer on the film, and we've been writing the film in collaboration with her. we also have a pretty unprecedented level of access, with cameras rolling on the extremely intimate and private moments that our subject has graciously allowed and encouraged us to film and it gives the film a very personal element, even as we experiment in other ways. our filming style is slow and patient, letting events play out in fullness and allowing viewers to investigate our images rather than risking overstepping ourselves and making statements rather than letting the images do the talking. it's also partially shot on super 16mm, which is extremely unusual for the contemporary documentary, and we think the gorgeous look it provides is important for sharing a story about a world that's founded on images and imagination. 16mm is a beautiful invention, and we'd love your help proving that it can be used on projects that might be thought impossible to use it on. funding this film will allow us to bring an unusual voice to film in an unusual way and we need your help to ensure that we can bring this story to the screen as fully as possible. so you've got a lot done, yes? how much? we don't like the idea of asking for money before you can prove you'll follow through, so we've been shooting this film entirely out of pocket over the last 8 months. we've shot in pittsburgh and nyc in many different scenarios and spaces, with the gracious help of a (tiny) crew working for love alone. we've got about 75% of the movie shot using only personal funds, and now the only thing left for us to do is to travel to los angeles and shoot the end of the film, which is an unexpectedly positive one, checking back in with em post heroin rehab, charting her progress around a new city and a new social environment, with the future unclear but unmistakably changed. whats this money for, then? 1. film stock and development    16mm film isn't cheap, and it's even more expensive to develop and scan to digital so we can edit it together for the final film. 2. equipment    we've gotten a lot of gear donated over the course of this project, but there's still a few things you have to rent and we'll need those for our last few shoot days. 3. food & travel    we've got to get ourselves to la, which is a little bit farther from nyc and pittsburgh, and we've got to make sure that our crew and participants are all well fed and happy while they're there. who are you? director, producer, & editor    jeffrey dunn rovinelli jeffrey is a nyc based editor, director, and producer. he is best known for editing and producing the feature documentary bx46 , which was directed by fabien clouette and jeremie brugidou, and which premiered at fid marseille in 2014 and went on to a long festival run. his work focuses on the commingling between capitalism, social structures, and fleshy bodies. documentary subject & co producer    em a queer escort and activist, em brings a sharp intellect and sense of anger to the film, and her dual role as collaborator and subject results in a dense and complicated story. director of photography & producer    bill kirstein best known for directing and shooting several beyoncé music videos ( blue and rocket ) and producing her feature documentary, bill kirstein brings a serious eye for beauty to this project. his collaboration brings the film away from a stereotypical 'documentary' look, moving the film into near painterly territory. sound & sound mixing    kenny kusiak kenny is a composer, sound designer, and sound mixer who has contributed work to a wide variety of films and videos, including the director's previous edited feature bx46 . www.kennykusiak.com original soundtrack    tim rovinelli splatterpuss.bandcamp.com & houseparty.bandcamp.com risks and challenges we've come this far, so we know we have to finish this thing, but documentary is inherently a risky endeavor    you never quite know if you're going to get what you think you will, or if a shoot will work out just as you'd planned. our shooting style involves as much planning as possible, which makes things a lot easier (and cuts down hugely on how much 16mm you have to shoot!), but we're open and flexible to changing the project as we need to, and in the case of this film, those changes are usually for the best. with only a few shoot days left, most of the work remains in post production, but jeffrey works as an editor and color corrector in his day job and is confident he can pull it off, and we have a big pool of talent to pull from for our sound mix. at this point, the biggest challenge is funding! if this  Jimmy Fraud  is successful, we'll be able to finish our film and show it to you as soon as possible. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 