scriptionfeatured on: our selection rose gold watch selection silver watch selection our story hastings & co began with the idea that everyone should to be able to enjoy a luxury timepiece without breaking the bank. we wanted to challenge the status quo by combining a luxurious design and durable materials with an awesome price to make the brand known as hastings. with your support, we can foster a brand that will continue to promote these core offerings. by supporting our campaign, you will become part of the hastings family, and as we grow, we would like your watch collection to grow with us. be sure to check out our backer rewards section for more details! our journey taking an idea from conception to inception is both a challenging and highly rewarding journey. for the past year, we’ve been meeting with countless manufacturers to ensure only the highest quality parts and ethical practices would be put into our timepieces. taking this amount of time was the only way to ensure that we could find a manufacturer whose core values aligned with ours. we hope you’re just as excited about this as we are, and we can’t wait to share these timepieces with you! our mantra we started out with a mantra to ensure that everything we do and think of doing is in keeping with the values of our brand, hastings: (1) our customers come first, (2) everyone has the right to an affordable, luxury timepiece, and (3) never compromise on quality. these three guiding principles have been at the core of what we do, and we will always abide by them. our design we began with the goal of creating a classic, slim watch. we wanted to make sure it would never go out of style, and that it could be worn for any occasion. in order to do that, we’ve designed a number of straps that can be easily interchanged with the timepiece itself. whether you want to put on the leather for work, or the premium nylon nato strap for the cottage, you can be rest assured that you’ll look and feel your best. and with our surgical grade 316l stainless steel durable case, your watch will keep on ticking with everyday use. we wanted to design a watch that would appeal to both men and women and we feel as though we have struck the perfect design balance so that you can really make it your own. we hope you think so too and we look forward to hearing your feedback! we will also be introducing a smaller, 36mm dial in the near future. if you prefer this size, not to worry! you can simply exchange your 40mm one free of charge   exclusively offered to our  Jimmy Fraud  backers! size: 40mm in diameter, 6mm in thickness movement: japanese quartz miyota movement case: 316l stainless steel, silver and rose gold scratch resistant sapphire glass water resistant: 5 atmospheres/30 meters genuine italian leather our timeline our rewards & thanks we realize that you are the reason this can be made possible! to help show our thanks, we're offering all of our backers discounted rates off of our estimated retail price of $150. thank you for your support, and we look forward to growing with you! once the campaign concludes, we'll promptly send you a survey regarding your choice of watch and strap in order to fulfill your reward! in the meantime, feel free to connect with us over our social media accounts and bare with us as we build our website. like us on facebook | follow us on instagram | follow us on twitter risks and challenges we know that the manufacturing process presents some challenges. however, we are extremely confident that our experience in supply chain management will mitigate the effects of any obstacle that presents itself and we are confident in our ability to deliver our watches in accordance with our timeline. we are also confident in the relationships we have built over the past year. our manufacturer shares the same attention and devotion to detail as we do, and is just as committed to delivering a quality product as we are. our goal is to make hastings & co a long lasting brand and our commitment to our mantra is unwavering. we promise to continuously work to ensure the best customer experience possible. we understand that by backing our project you are placing your trust in us and our brand, and we will be as transparent as possible throughout this entire campaign. please email us directly with any inquiries at  Jimmy Fraud @hastingsandco.ca . learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 