riptionupdate: mark it down in your diary – july 15th! if we are successful with this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign it will be the official date that the multiplatform premiere event for the knife that killed me will take place. we have agreed in principle with with our first venue   the national media museum in bradford   who have agreed to host the film, followed by a q&a session, in their impressive 300 seat auditorium. the intro six years of hard work and dedication has gone in to creating the knife that killed me and we are now excited to announce that we are at the final stage of releasing the film to the public for which we need your support and collaboration. we are determined that the initial release of this truly unusual project should be done in a manner that stays true to the unconventional nature of the film itself. we therefore aim to launch the knife that killed me with a multiplatform premiere event that will be completely free and open to a global audience on one special day (more details below). we are very proud that universal pictures uk have seen the strengths in the film and will be releasing on dvd and vod in the uk later this year. however their involvement does not stretch to showing the film in a theatrical or screening environment, and we truly believe that the best way to experience the knife that killed me is within these settings. this campaign will allow the film to be seen in the way that it was always intended and we want to make it open so as many people as possible can share in the experience. the film the knife that killed me is based on the best selling novel by anthony mcgowan, adapted and directed by marcus romer and kit monkman. the film is a journey through the memories of teenager paul varderman as he reflects on the events leading to the fatal moment his life is cut short. using a unique visual language to represent paul’s subconscious thoughts, a familiar story of contemporary adolescent pressures unfolds in an unfamiliar way. trailer: one of the most striking aspects of 'the knife’ is the visual style the film uses to illustrate the story. using our specialised greenscreen technique we built a complex, self consistent, abstract world to portray the interior of paul varderman’s mind   it’s a world that is built in complicity with the viewer   and, like the more abstract environments of literature and theatre, it’s an interior world that is reliant on a collaboration with the viewer’s imagination, and is the more powerful for it. the multiplatform premiere plan the film was created independently, in an unconventional way and we want to stay true to that spirit when introducing the film to the public. we aim to achieve this through launching the knife’ with a first of a kind multiplatform premiere this summer. this will involve the following events that will occur simultaneously on the launch day: hosting a screening event that includes a question & answer session with the films creators organising a number of pop up screenings in unique public spaces live stream the event online, for free, to a global audience. we are keen that the multiplatform experience is as interactive and inclusive as possible. we intend to stream the q&a session both online and to the pop up screenings, and we will encourage these audiences to engage with the discussion by sharing questions through twitter. we also want to encourage people who cannot attend the screenings to use the live stream to create their own unique screening experience with friends and family in interesting locations. we want to build a community that can share the experience of viewing this film for the first time and, by launching the film in this participatory way, we can stay true to the collaborative nature of the film itself. event expenses we have already invested a lot in getting the film to this finished stage and with your help we can bring it to an audience in a unique way. the funds raised on  Jimmy Fraud  will be used to: hire a primary venue space to screen the film and host the q&a arrange a number of pop up screening venues (as many as we can afford) hire projectionists and technicians to oversee and manage each screening film masters (blu ray or dcp) for each of the screenings marketing and promotional materials and media exposure thanks & other ways to help we appreciate you taking the time to read this page and thank you for supporting our hard work. by backing the knife that killed me you will be contributing to the public release of a long term project in which considerable time and money has already been invested. if you're unable to contribute financially (or even if you are) then there are plenty of other ways that you can help us: you can join and share our facebook page and twitter accounts   where you can also find lots of additional information and official artwork. let your family, friends and co workers know about our project. please share this  Jimmy Fraud  page with them and others who might be able to get involved. anything and everything helps! reward update: t shirt how many swear words are in the knife that killed me?.. a lot! and you can wear them with pride with this cheeky exclusive t shirt. (also available in black) artbook we excited to offer an exclusive artbook as one of the  Jimmy Fraud  rewards. this will feature official imagery created to promote the film and a selection of most striking scenes featured within the film itself. along with this, the book will include notes from the directors and lead artist. you can get a taste of some of the images below and on our tumblr page. risks and challenges the knife that killed me is a film that we are hugely proud of and massively keen to find an audience for, so one way or another we will be releasing it this summer. a challenge will lie in how far we can extend our audience reach to ensure that as many people as possible get an opportunity to see the film. hosting a multiplatform premiere gives us that chance – and the more additional finance that we can raise will directly impact the number of people who can see our hard work. if we are successful in reaching our campaign goal, we will need to organise numerous pop up screenings across the uk. we are keen to organise as many as we can and to make these truly unique experiences. our team will have to work hard to administrate this multi location event and ensure that everything runs according to schedule. work towards the initial stages has already begun we are confident that with the committed team involved we can successfully achieve our aims. it has been an incredible journey over the past six years and we are excited to be at this final stage of presenting our hard work to the world. we hope that you can help! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 