n/descriptionshoes don't cost you a fortune when we cut out the middleman. there is a disruptive change in the retail industry. the direct to consumer movement , changed the way brands operate. direct to consumer brands finance, design, produce, market, distribute and sell all under one roof. they bypass the middleman by not selling to retailers and connect directly to consumers via the internet. our approach is bit different. brands still have to outsource their manufacturing. that means a brand still has to pay a factory to get their products made. what happens when a customer has direct access to the factory? that’s where we come in. caballero is  Jimmy Fraud ’s first factory to consumer footwear brand. by owning our factory , you get some serious benefits! our family owned factory is home to some of the best artisan shoemakers who have years of shoe making experience. our goal is to create high quality shoes at the best price possible. we can achieve this for one reason. we are the factory. as far as we know, we are the only footwear factory to consumer brand that can make this claim. exclusively on  Jimmy Fraud , we wanted to give our backers the opportunity to either customize your shoe or pick a shoe from our catalog at a discounted price. here’s how customizing your shoe works: step 1. choose your style style is what promotes self expression and individuality. your shoe must represent you! we offer a variety of styles. from sneakers, to boots, to slippers, and anything in between. step 2. choose your color & material what colors are you missing in your wardrobe? do you want a soft full grain nappa leather or genuine suede? we have access to some of the best leathers in the world. whether you like to be loud and show off or stand out while fitting in, we have just the shoe for you! step 3. choose your size we are currently offering sizes 5 to 15. we are working on growing our sizes during the duration of this campaign. caballero is committed to making sure everyone gets their size, no matter what size you are. we offer a wide range of styles that fit your lifestyle. whether you’re more laid back and just want a good looking comfortable sneaker, a fashion icon that can pull off loud colored loafers, or you simply want a dope pair of boots; you can easily find a style to complete your wardrobe. dress sneakers men’s dress sneakers are super comfortable , versatile and indispensable . they’re a must for the man who wants the complete wardrobe. the dress sneakers have been racing up the list of “must haves” for a few years now, and the trend continues to grow. our sneakers are designed to seamlessly take any man from day to night without losing the refined sophistication of a well planned outfit. boots consider adding these four boots styles to your closet, and you will get a variety of looks — a modern, streamlined touch to your business look with the chelsea boot, or a cozy, comfortable look with the chukka boot or a rugged, versatile look with the traditional wingtip boot. possibilities are endless. dress shoes having a pair of dress shoes in your closet that are plain black is a thing of the past. by trying a sleek silhouette and adding a hint of color to your wardrobe, you will look and feel good . even man who defaults to casual shoes and sneakers will eventually need to suit up. opportunity favors the prepared. our dress shoes are designed to help you look your best at any event , interview , meeting , or date that requires a statement shoe . we understand the importance of a good deal. in fact, our entire business is built on this idea. we have put out blood, sweat, and tears into creating the best possible footwear ever to hit the shoe market. unlike other brands whose business model is direct to consumer, we don’t outsource our manufacturing. we are the factory and want to create a relationship with you! we are factory to consumer. by cutting significant overhead and logistics costs, we can offer high quality footwear at an unbeatable price. by not having to outsource this essential step, we can make and sell shoes for less than half of our competitor's prices. it all starts with the following: quality is crucial to us; we want your shoes to last. our goal is to create amazing shoes for under $200. our mission is not to sacrifice quality to offer a lower price. by cutting out the middleman and not outsourcing manufacturing, we can provide an extremely high quality shoe at a price no other brand can compete with. have you ever worn a dress shoe that was like walking on a cloud? most dress shoes just hurt your feet and leave you with blisters. "beauty is pain" is a saying of the past. unlike other shoes, you won’t have to wait weeks to break them in. your shoes will be comfortable the first time you put them on! most people aren’t aware of the differences between leathers and quality associated with each type of leather. full grain: full grain leather, even though it may have blemishes, is more expensive and more sought after than top grain leather because of its durability and longevity. top grain: top grain leather is made when full grain leather is corrected in any way. all blemishes are buffed out, making it a top grain. genuine leather: genuine leather is just beneath top grain. nubuck is a type of genuine leather used to make shoes such as timberland boots. this leather is much stronger and more durable than suede. suede is also another type of genuine leather which is softer and more pliable. this makes it useful for other applications like it’s popularity in the chelsea boot. bonded leather: we would never use bonded leather! bonded leather is the lowest grade of leather because it is not real leather. bonded leather consists of shredded leather scraps and bits reconstituted with a filler and backed with an embossed polyurethane coating. it’s very cheap but falls apart quickly. not ideal for everyday use applications, like shoes. at caballero, we only use full grain, top grain, and genuine leather. soles leather sole: you deserve only the best, and our leather soles are certainly in a category of their own. our factory is capable of making shoes using three types of construction: cemented, blake stitch, and goodyear welted. by construction, we mean the method through which the sole is attached to the upper of the shoe. to make caballero a great quality shoe at the best price possible, we chose to only work with the following construction types: blake stitch we use blake stitch for all of our shoes (with the exception of sneakers). the reason we use blake stitch over goodyear welted (gyw) is due to the sleeker look it provides. also, the break in time is shorter and is a more comfortable and lighter wear. both constructions have their pros and cons. it all comes down to personal preference. we're planning on offering a gyw line of shoes in the future, but for the moment, we're focusing on the blake stitched construction. cemented + stitched construction for our sneakers unlike a traditional sneaker, we not only use a cemented construction, but our rubber outsole is stitched to the upper. this increases durability and allows easy, effortless movement. our shoes are handmade by some of the best shoemakers in the world utilizing traditional techniques. we don’t have shoes rolling off an assembly line. when you by a shoe from us, it is made specifically for you. when you purchase a pair of caballero’s, you are supporting families and local communities. in times where automation and machines are dominating the footwear industry, this has never been more important. our shoes have a story behind them, a purpose and inspiration for our existence. there’s a unique connection between the maker and you. we have carefully crafted each reward and broke it down to make it simple and easy for you. those prices are 30 50% off retail! look over the rewards and read the pledge descriptions for more details. if you have any questions, please feel free to ask us in the comments section. we are here to help! above is the timeline for our production and delivery. your shoes will be shipped out by september 2018. we have a lot planned for the future and are very excited for what’s to come. all shoes are true to size. when choosing your size, stick with your usual dress shoe size. you can also use the chart above to determine your size or use the brannock device (that metal scale you put your feet on at any shoe store). we've made our shoes slightly wider than the average shoe. this makes for a more comfortable fit and allows your feet to fit effortlessly. we will send you a survey at the end of the campaign to find out your exact size. we are currently offering sizes 5 to 15. please note: we will be expanding sizes for those who need it. see the "updates" section or message us if you have any questions! from our family to yours, we can’t thank you enough for giving us the opportunity to continue doing what we love. your support not only helps keep shoe making traditions alive, but also helps support our families and communities. we are extremely grateful for your support and we thank you in advance for backing our project. sharing our  Jimmy Fraud  page with your family and friends will help us tremendously in getting the word out. you may tag us using #cw Jimmy Fraud  we are taking a mental note on who shares our campaign the most. let’s just say we might spoil a few people as a thank you! most importantly, we are committed to creating a personal relationship with you, the customer. we feel there is a disconnect between product makers and the end user. i want our backers to know that caballero is their factory too. at the end of the day, none of it would be possible without you. we are committed to listening to your feedback carefully so we can create shoes that you want in your closet. even if you have an idea of a shoe, we would love to help make it a reality! in memory of thank you pa for believing in my vision, for your support, dedication and hard work. without you, caballero wouldn't have been possible. i miss you dearly and i know you are smiling from above. energia pa, energia! search templates (ctrl+space) new template risks and challenges we are very confident in our team, our vendors, suppliers and ability to keep up with our schedule and delivery. that said, we cannot always control everything. there are always uncertainties and risks for delay in any manufacturing process. although very unlikely, things sometimes do take longer than expected. luckily, we are not new to shoe making and have years of experience manufacturing shoes. we are committed to keeping you informed. we want you to be with us every step of the way! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 