hort film dedicated to all of those people that peacefully stand up for their rights, for the rights of everyone and for a better world. the film aims to show how difficult, painful and in some cases frightening, but absolutely necessary it is to express our ideas, voice our thoughts and be brave enough to face even the worst scenarios, to protect our freedom and never allow anything or anyone to make us give up. and for those reasons, on a more philosophical level, stand up is also dedicated to the dreamers, to the enterprising people who ‘struggle’ to pursue their ambitions, fighting against all kinds of obstacles   against their own internal conflicts, or what society / friends / family expect from them. like the protesters in the streets, they cannot allow anyone to stop them from pursuing their ambitions, on that complicated journey towards the realisation of their dreams. synopsis sara and eric, two young people in their twenties, are being held in a decaying interrogation room by damien, a psychopathic police officer. damien is abusing them for the mere pleasure of watching them suffer, before interrogating them about their participation in a massive ongoing protest. olivia marei   sara dean roberts   damien michael hanratty   eric jonathan fletcher   music composer the concept despite stand up being entirely filmed in london, the story is set in a decayed interrogation room of an abandoned police station, somewhere in the world. this choice has been purposely made as we aim to free the film from labels and preconceptions, in order to give it universal appeal. in this way, the film will be able to successfully deliver its message on a global scale to audiences from every background. internal location   corridor #1 interrogation room   test #1 external location   'flyers' test #1 we need your help everything is ready for the principal photography. we have already spent a significant amount of time with the actors, rehearsing, improving the action, dialogues, and their performances in every little detail. with all the production costs already covered, we will shoot stand up in the second week of february. actors and collaborators will work on a lo/no/deferred basis, in exchange for a profit share of any future profit that the film might generate. your precious contribution will be essential in order to help us with the highly costly post production and distribution processes. in detail, you will help us with: covering a very small cast and crew fee rotoscoping and cgi conforming and grading post production sound and film soundtrack mastering dvd and blu ray marketing and publicity festival submissions and distribution costs your support is crucial in boosting the project quality to the highest level, and helping it to succeed at all the major international festivals, so that it's message can reach the widest possible audience. important note about the rewards estimated delivery:  Jimmy Fraud  says "in case the reward includes multiple items, choose the date you expect the final item to be delivered”. we expect the film to premiere before december, therefore we chose to set the "estimated delivery” at that point. that said, all the the digital rewards will be released way before, as soon as the film is completed and all the promotional and marketing material is ready. distribution strategy we aim to finish the short film by the end of march. as soon as the film is completed we will start submitting it to the major festivals. here is a preliminary selection: venice film festival   la biennale sundance film festival bfi london film festival tribeca film festival locarno film festival berlin international film festival toronto international film festival encounters film festival raindance film festival sarajevo film festival festival internacional de curtas do rio de janeiro   curta cinema greek short films festival of drama shortshorts film festival & asia 2015 aspen shortsfest guadalajara film festival clermont ferrand 2016 hong kong international film festival cannes international film festival rome independent film festival we will then seek and approach distributors in the film markets, to get relevant distribution deals. after the first year of submitting the film to major festivals, we will start sending it to secondary festivals, in order to give it more visibility. the filmmakers giacomo mantovani   producer / director / writer giacomo mantovani is an independent award winning filmmaker based in london. since the beginning of his career he has been committed to producing films with strong messages. several of his films have been screened at international festivals all over the world, and some of them have received notable awards: political asylum won the grand prize of 242 movie tv and adamant won the audience award of reason wine. cristina isoli   producer cristina has a 'no limits' creative mind with a strong interest in cinematographic production. she started producing film projects in partnership and collaboration with the producer and director giacomo mantovani, with whom she has co founded the production company avant garde pictures. she handles most of the communication with the festivals and is responsible for the distribution of the film projects for the company. cristina has a strong passion for the cinematic industry, for which she expressed an initial interest at the very early age of eight. her motto in life is: "where there is a will, there's a way". jonathan fletcher   music composer jonathan is a uk based music composer & producer. he has composed music for a variety of genres and media, including: feature film, documentary, corporate, commercial, album production, animation, theatre, and contemporary dance. his work has been screened internationally, including cannes and hollywood. the cast dean roberts   damien dean roberts just finished shooting for a new bbc series, the interceptor. recent credits also include eastenders, the lead role in feature film, the milky way and just wrapped on the new feature film, the rise of the krays. olivia marei   sara olivia marei is a german freelance actress who finished her acting degree at the academy of live and recorded arts in london in 2013. she has gained professional acting experience in film, tv and theatre since a young age and has worked in germany, austria, singapore and the uk. olivia is currently performing in one of munich's biggest theatres, playing the role of mariane in molière's "the miser". michael hanratty   eric michael hanratty trained at the drama centre, london completing the one year acting diploma and at the giles foreman centre for acting on the post graduate intensive diploma. acting roles include the lead as yann in the orgy in the lighthouse, numerous roles in the space’s 5½ hour off west end nominated production of nicholas nickleby, appearing in the deloitte ignite festival at the royal opera house. he is a member of hiraeth artistic productions, playing sampson and friar john in romeo and juliet and young lucius in titus andronicus which transferred from the edinburgh fringe festival to the arcola theatre for a critically acclaimed, sell out run. risks and challenges risks and challenges lie at the very core of filmmaking, but great organisation and preparation always help reduce such risks. "stand up" is set mainly in an internal location, giving us full control over the production. the very final scene is set outside, at different external locations. this scene has to be shot in a specific way, to make it possible to apply some major cgi in post production, and for this reason we might face a number of challenges such as weather conditions and the busy nature of the city. in order to avoid these issues, we are prepared to shoot both in good and bad weather and, lastly but not least, we will shoot really early in the morning (on saturday and sunday) so that the streets will be virtually empty. moreover, working with a team of professionals with proven experience will allow us to optimize the whole production. another big challenge is represented by the post production. we will need to dedicate a lot of time on the creation of hyper realistic cgi. the invaluable support of our backers we will make the difference, especially during this delicate phase of the production, as it will enable us to deliver the film to the highest possible standards. we are looking forward to producing "stand up" and making a great film. thanks a lot for your invaluable support. all the best. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 