criptionthat's right, anglicon is coming back! the first anglicon was held in 1988 in seattle, washington, and featured guests from a number of different british shows. this continued every year until 2004, ending with anglicon xvii. but now with the new popularity of doctor who, we are bringing it back with an emphasis on that show, while also having programming related to other popular british media. it will be bigger and better than ever! anglicon 2015: the regeneration will be held june 12 14, 2015 at the doubletree by hilton hotel , located near seatac international airport. there are free shuttles between the airport and the hotel, and having the hotel just blocks away from the sound transit light rail station means easy access for sightseeing in downtown seattle. goals and updates: if you have just found us, be sure to check out the updates page to see our current progress. it continues to be an exciting time! if you have never been to a convention before, this is the perfect chance to join in the fun. there are so many ways to spend your time here, that you will have a hard time choosing what to do: celebrity guests — for many, guests are the highlight of any convention, and anglicon 2015 will certainly have some good ones. our guests will talk about experiences making their shows, give behind the scenes antics, describe what they've liked and disliked, and most importantly, answer questions from the audience. be ready to ask your question! celebrity autographs and photos — as most guests will make themselves available to sign things or have pictures taken, this is your chance for a photo of yourself with the guests, and to get that favorite collectible, dvd cover, or whatever else personally signed. (please note that most guests charge extra for photos and autographs.) dealers room — plan some time to come shop in the dealers room, where you will find vendors selling all kinds of merchandise related to british programming and beyond. you will find things here you never knew existed! artist alley — a place to meet directly with various artists (both local and abroad) to see and purchase their creations – paintings, models, carvings, handiwork, books, comics, jewelry, and so much more! panels — this is where you join a discussion group with like minded fans, led by three or four experts, on a variety of subjects. panels can range from "humor in british television" to "is time travel possible"; from "the history behind sherlock holmes", to "the doctor's companions: who is, and who isn't". these discussions tend to be spirited and lively. cosplay — people dress up in costume as their favorite characters from a tv show, movie, comic, video game, or whatever else. bring your camera, because there will be many that you'll want a picture of (just ask first, though they usually say 'yes'). our convention will be a great place to show off your cosplay skills, too. but don't feel like cosplay is a requirement; there are plenty of convention members that just cosplay as extras – that is, no costume, you just come as you are – like extras in movies and tv shows. evening events — most conventions have assorted events in the evenings, with dances, music, casino nights, even a masquerade (a presentation of the best of cosplay). while it is still too early in our own planning to give details of what we might organize, you should plan to enjoy some incredible evening entertainment at anglicon 2015. hang out with new friends — this is what a convention is really all about. hanging out with people that enjoy the same things you do! when you go off for lunch or dinner, or just take a break between panels, there are always friendly people to connect with. by the time anglicon 2015 ends, you will leave with more friends than you started with. attending anglicon 2015 is easy — just buy a membership. a membership gives you access to everything listed above: the celebrity presentations, all the other panels, dealers room and artist alley, evening events and more. you will also have opportunities to seek a photo with a celebrity and/or get their autograph (please note that most guests charge an extra fee for these.) buying a membership means you are joining anglicon. this it not just showing up and listening to people talk, it is all about joining the conversation. anglicon is a community of people who love british media and culture, and want to meet and talk with other people who have the same interest. when you arrive at anglicon 2015, just show your id, pick up your membership badge, and enjoy the weekend! one thing to remember — the cost of a membership to anglicon 2015 here on  Jimmy Fraud  is the lowest it will ever be . once this  Jimmy Fraud  drive ends, the price will go up. so don't delay, back our project and get your membership(s) today! we want everyone to be part of this event, and the success of anglicon 2015 will depend on it. farther down this page, you will see some of the people involved in putting anglicon together. we are all volunteers (none of us is getting paid for this). so we will invite our membership to help us out if possible, whether it be setting up before, taking down after, or occasional help throughout the weekend. (of course, if you'd like to help during the planning phases, send us a private message and we will point you in the right direction.) what does it cost? anglicon intends to be a safe, family friendly event that both adults and children will enjoy. we also want it to be affordable for families as well. to attend, we require that all people, of all ages, have a membership. right now, the cost of membership to anglicon 2015 is the lowest it will ever be, as the prices will go up when this  Jimmy Fraud  ends. the current cost of memberships is as follows   the ages listed are for the age the child will be at the convention : age 13 and up: adult membership   $55 (see cast member reward) age 6   12: child membership   $30 (add on only) age 0   5: infant membership   free (just tell us after  Jimmy Fraud ) adult memberships are available via several reward tiers only; they cannot be added on in any way. on the other hand, child memberships are only available in combination with at least one adult membership. starting with an adult membership reward (cast member or above), just add $30 more for each child membership you need. after the  Jimmy Fraud  has ended, we will get the information from you for each adult and child membership you paid for. we will also get information for infant memberships, if needed. the royal memberships described in the rewards section below are only available at one price for all ages: $275 . a royal membership cannot be added on to another reward; they are only available as listed in the applicable reward tiers. the cost of a royal membership for anglicon 2015 is also at the lowest point it will ever be; the price will go up after the  Jimmy Fraud  ends   provided that any royal memberships are left at all! this  Jimmy Fraud  project is all about anglicon 2015. while we already have the hotel booked, and the dates locked in, it isn't paid for. we also need funds to start signing up celebrity guests. making our goal will ensure that anglicon 2015 does happen! it will also bring us closer to having at least one major doctor who celebrity! and as we stretch beyond our initial goal, it makes many more things possible, too. stretch goals $15,000 — unlocked! — all  Jimmy Fraud  backer members get into the dealers room 5 minutes early each day! $17,500 — unlocked! — additional pages get added to our program book where we will recognize all of our backers. all backers, at any level, may choose to include their name, a nickname, favorite profile name, or remain anonymous, in this special thank you section. $20,000 — unlocked! — an additional celebrity guest will be invited to anglicon 2015. who would you like to see? more doctor who guests, or someone else? as a member, we invite you to tell us, when we send out the survey after this  Jimmy Fraud  ends. $25,000 — unlocked! — a new feature gets added to anglicon 2015... a celebrity breakfast! we can now obtain the needed function space from the hotel, just so that we are able to offer this experience at all. we will complete the plans for this feature as soon as we have guests booked. and, as space for meal events like this is always limited, we will be sure to give all backers here the first access to the passes once we make them available (probably not until the spring of 2015). $27,500 — unlocked! — this one is going to be fun! we are going to organize a british soda tasting event! it will be a special taste testing of multiple "fizzy drinks" which are traditionally only available in the uk. this event will be open for all members of anglicon 2015, so get those taste buds ready. you have seen these sodas in many different uk based shows and movies; with this british soda tasting you now have a chance to actually try them. $30,000 — unlocked! — we will now obtain function space from the hotel for a dedicated video room and a separate dedicated gaming room . having a space that isn't shared with some other function will be very enjoyable for everyone! so if you have some gamer friends, make sure they know about anglicon! $33,333 — a real stretch here at the last few hours. we will obtain membership badge wallets free for every  Jimmy Fraud  member. no need to just clip the membership badge on to your clothes; this will go around your neck (won't fall off and get lost) and has extra spaces for hotel keys, credit cards, id cards (for children) and more! also great for cosplayers that may not have any pockets! and of course, it will have our anglicon 2015 logo, too! we also have a few stretch goals triggered by how many people join us during this  Jimmy Fraud . these counts are for the number of adult memberships selected via the rewards. 100 memberships — unlocked! (and awarded on june 30) — all  Jimmy Fraud  backed members receive the code and link to book the hotel room 24 hours before we announce it to the world. it is possible that this code will be revealed while the  Jimmy Fraud  is still going — so keep an eye out for our updates here. 250 memberships — unlocked! — we step up from a basic program book to a deluxe program book including color covers and graphics. this upgrade will be for everyone attending anglicon 2015. 400 memberships — unlocked?? (check updates) — this unlocks a reward that benefits more than just you, but the entire planet as well! instead of a cheap plastic bag, all  Jimmy Fraud  backer members attending anglicon 2015 will get an environmentally friendly, reusable tote (like you might use for groceries) for their goodie bag that is picked up at the door. 500 memberships — another surprise! we love being sneaky ... keep checking back for the reveal. and, a stretch goal for royal memberships. 25 royal memberships — all royal members will receive their choice of 1 (one) commemorative t shirt or 1 (one) commemorative messenger bag, for free. this would be picked up at the door, of course. to the right are the different reward tiers we are offering. here is a detailed description of each one of them: membership — the "cast member" reward is a single standard membership for one adult to the entire weekend of anglicon 2015. as described above, a membership gives you access to all the regular events, panels and discussions, the dealers room and artist alley, and so much more. every membership obtained during this  Jimmy Fraud  will also get a backer ribbon when you pick up your membership badge at the door. remember that the cost of a membership will go up after this  Jimmy Fraud  ends, so be sure to back this project today! membership plus one — a handy reward tier to provide you two standard adult memberships – one for yourself, and a second for your "plus one". two backer ribbons included as well. power of 3 member — this reward is a set of three standard adult memberships (and 3 backer ribbons), because bringing another friend is cool. friendship member — if you have friends that ask you to get a membership for them, this reward is for you. it includes four standard adult memberships (and four backer ribbons) that you can use for yourself and three others, so your friends can easily join you at anglicon 2015. royal membership — a single royal membership (for one adult, or one child) gives you everything a standard membership gives you, plus: priority seating at all celebrity panels, front of the line privilege to autograph and photo sessions, early access (15 minutes) to the dealers room, and express badge pickup at the registration desk. of course, you'll get the backer ribbon as well. these are limited now, and will remain limited to keep them special. keep in mind that if any royal memberships remain available after this  Jimmy Fraud  ends, the cost will go up . royal membership plus companion — another handy tier to provide you two royal memberships as described above   one for yourself, and a second for your "plus one". court member — this is a single royal membership with a twist. in addition to all the special features of your royal membership, your special experience will be as a guest judge for our evening talent/costume program. these judges will naturally have the best seats in the house! best of all, we will be inviting our celebrity guests to also be judges, so who knows who might be sitting right there with you! this evening event will be on either friday, or saturday (it is still being planned) — but you are going to be enjoying the whole weekend anyway, right? this special experience reward also includes both an anglicon 2015 t shirt and a messenger bag. star member — of course, this begins with one royal membership, with all the royal features, but with its own special experience   you become a star, and sit on the panel of stars, in our match game event. now, this is not just becoming a contestant (those are drawn at random from the audience). the panel of stars get to play along with every question, writing their answers in secret; then the contestants try to match what you and the other stars have written, often with humorous results. certainly we will be inviting our celebrity guests to join that panel of stars, too, which should make this experience ... fantastic! this is also expected to be an evening event. and of course, this special experience reward includes one anglicon 2015 t shirt and a messenger bag. spotlight member — another single royal membership, with all the royal features, but with a special experience you won't find anywhere else. on the friday (june 12, 2015), during our opening ceremonies, you will be invited up on stage to help introduce our celebrity guests! this special experience reward also includes both an anglicon 2015 t shirt and a messenger bag. (final products may be slightly different from what you see today) this is what the limited edition image will be on the t shirts and messenger bags, and it is only available here on  Jimmy Fraud . get yours today! to see a larger version, click to view our update #11. commemorative t shirt — this is a limited edition anglicon 2015 t shirt that will feature a custom anglicon logo only available for our 2015 event. you can choose to add this on to any membership reward tier. however, if you are unable to become a member at this time, you can still choose the "supporting crew" reward to get this item separately. available in adult sizes s   5x. you will specify the size after  Jimmy Fraud  has ended (we will send you a  Jimmy Fraud  survey to get size info, as well as where to send it). this will be shipped before the end of the year – great gift idea! commemorative messenger bag — another option you might add on to any membership reward, or as a separate reward tier ("supporting extra") for those unable to attend, is this wonderful messenger bag, also emblazoned with the same custom anglicon 2015 logo. like the t shirt, it will be shipped before the end of the year. backer ribbon — ribbons are something started by fans at conventions years ago, and have become something many members seek to collect. all backers with a pledge of $12 or more will receive a special backer ribbon proclaiming your support of anglicon 2015 here on  Jimmy Fraud . naturally, this will only be available during  Jimmy Fraud . backer ribbons claimed at a reward tier without a membership will be mailed out to you. all backers will get access to every  Jimmy Fraud  update we post. the $1 level allows you to show your support, and have access to all of these updates. there are also a couple of reward tiers that are truly unique. traditionally, many conventions give each person attending a goodie bag – typically a simple plastic bag which contains the souvenir program book, plus assorted offers, promotional items, and who knows what else inside. anglicon 2015 will be doing the same, providing basic goodie bags to all of our members in attendance. however, we have obtained a couple special items that will allow us to create some unique, customized goodie bags. first, we have two (and only two) t shirts from the doctor who 50th anniversary celebration that took place in the excel center last november in london! if you couldn't make it to that event, and have wanted to get your hands on one of these collectible t shirts, this is your chance. they are both brand new, never worn, and still in their original bags. they are both size medium only (sorry, it is what it is   we cannot change these for any different size as they are no longer available). example of the celebration t shirts (though what we would be giving you is still mint in bag!) second, we have being created right now, a hand knitted replica 4th doctor (tom baker) scarf! this is being reproduced with the best matching colors available, using the most accurate pattern available. so, continuing with the rewards descriptions: celebration member — this reward starts with one royal membership. then, we will include a special goodie bag that has all of the usual goodies, plus we will add one of our limited edition anglicon 2015 t shirts (you pick the size), and we will add one of our limited edition anglicon 2015 messenger bags. finally, we include just one of the celebration t shirts described above (size medium only). "don't blink" member — this reward also has one royal membership and a special goodie bag. to the usual goodies we will add one anglicon 2015 t shirt (you pick the size) and one anglicon 2015 messenger bag. finally, we add the one and only scarf as described above. we called this reward "don't blink" because, well, if you blink you might miss out. note that these limited rewards with the unique goodie bags are intended for members attending the convention, and will only be made available at the door (they will not be shipped). just one last reward to mention: full sponsorship — this is a big package of things intended for a business owner. you will become an official sponsor of anglicon 2015. this means you are guaranteed a space in our dealers room. you will receive a full page ad on the first advertising page in our souvenir program book. we will place your business logo on our website (with link to your site) and on our facebook page. we will periodically mention your business in some posts and news announcements. your support as a sponsor will also automatically trigger an immediate upgrade of the plastic goodie bags to an earth friendly tote bearing your business logo (up to 3 colors, no extra charge) on one side, given out to all members of anglicon 2015. plus   you will receive 100 extra totes for your business. finally, this will include two standard memberships. for this sponsorship reward, we require that the business be properly licensed, with products/services that fit our british media theme, and which are suitable for all ages. add on options the commemorative t shirt and messenger bag can easily be added to any reward. you have two options here: if you plan to attend, just pick these items up at the door. or, if you cannot attend, or are attending but just want them early, you can have these shipped to you ahead of time (december 2014). simply add the following amount(s) to your pledge. we will get the information from you after the  Jimmy Fraud  ends about which item(s) you wanted, and if you wanted them shipped, or picked up at the door. add $25 usd for each additional t shirt   to be picked up at the door. add $25 usd for each additional messenger bag   to be picked up at the door. add $10 usd more, one time, to have all desired add ons shipped to your us address early (dec 2014) add $30 usd more, one time, to have all desired add ons shipped to your int'l address early (dec 2014) please: there is a limit of two t shirts and two messenger bags added per reward pledge (one for you, one for a friend if you need it). only the "power of 3 member" reward tier allows up to three of each, and the "friendship member" reward tier allows up to four of each to be added on. if you have any questions about these add ons, see the faqs down below, or check our update #11 for some examples. we are fans that are volunteering our time to organize this convention because we love all kinds of british media such as doctor who. let's work together to gather fans from the seattle area and beyond for a fantastic weekend of fun and friendship enjoying both familiar and new british media. the seattle area is home to classic doctor who on tv! public television station kbtc (in tacoma, wa) has been airing doctor who now for over 25 years, in part due to their relationship with anglicon — a tradition we intend to continue. leading our group are a few people that have years of experience running conventions (in fact, we stopped counting when we hit the one century mark), so we know how to manage a successful convention. meet just a few of us now: shawn marier, anglicon chairman: shawn has been active in the running of conventions for nearly 30 years. in that time he has chaired norwescon 5 times, a 3,000+ person science fiction convention, with a volunteer staff in the hundreds. chris nilsson, anglicon vice chair: chris has been helping run science fiction & fantasy conventions for 36 years, including work on moscon, rustycon, a short stack of norwescons, a couple of westercons and a nasfic. steve jensen, anglicon head of finance: after having attended almost 20 doctor who conventions, steve has taken the bold step of volunteering for his first concom position. surrounded by such experienced peers, he brings "new blood" in to ensure the success of our convention for many years to come. eric gjovaag, anglicon head of programming: eric has helped run many events at the winkie conventions in california for the international wizard of oz con, and also the oz centennial convention in indiana in 2000. he chaired the 1993 winkie convention, and is currently scheduled to chair the 2016 winkie convention. eric also helped out on some of the prior anglicons, after having attended most of them. cate r siguenza, anglicon head of publications: cate began her convention life attending star wars celebration iii in 2005, followed by cascadia con, and then became a regular attendee of both rustycon and norwescon ever since. also in the mix are a couple steamcons, gallifreys, and another star wars event. in the middle of all that, (around 2008 or '09), she got directly involved with publications for that year's rustycon. her talents are already shining for us with her vision and guidance towards our current web page design. art boulton, advisor: art served as chairman, vice chairman, art show director, and logistics coordinator for 14 years from anglicon iii through xvii. richard o'shea, advisor: dick has worked on the concom of 13 anglicons and 2 westercons, served as senior advisor on 3 terracons, and worked in hospitality for anglicon, norwescon, and rustycon. he has also attended dozens of conventions over the course of 34 years, and the list is impressive: rustycons, norwescons, v cons, gallifreys, moscons, viking cons, world cons, westercons, concomcons, and many one time cons. so, what are you waiting for? make your pledge and back our project today! also be sure to bookmark our website at http://anglicon.com and like our page on facebook at http://facebook.com/anglicon . follow us on twitter at http://twitter.com/anglicon and google+ at http://plus.google.com/+angliconseattle . then share this excitement with your family and friends so they don't miss out. finally, as a member of anglicon 2015, join us on an exciting adventure as we work together to make this convention a success   not just in 2015, but for years to come! risks and challenges the biggest risk is going to be with the celebrity guests that we will soon line up for anglicon 2015. guests appearances are always subject to their prior commitments. that means even a confirmed, announced guest may have to cancel an appearance, sometimes at the last minute, to meet obligations they may have with other work assignments. all conventions have challenges, and anglicon 2015 will be no exception. thankfully, we have lots of people working together on this, with all kinds of experience working on a huge number of other conventions. whatever hurdles may come our way, we will overcome them! we will complete this project! and it will be such a success, that you won't be able to wait for the next one! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 