/descriptionget a great deal on the new roll through the ages: iron age and its mediterranean expansion. receive holiday specials ( half price or better ) on classeggs . expect fast delivery    roll through the ages: iron age is in print and on the way    and the classeggs are all in stock    so delivery will be in february ! join the launch of a new concept   personal stretch goals ! add up to 4 more free games for your pledges. get special credits if you are one of our backers who is not in the us or canada. every roll through the ages: iron age backer receives a free additional party dice game    dead man's chest ! you are supporting the new gryphon bookshelf edition of roll through the ages: the iron age. this is a sequel to the highly awarded roll through the ages: the bronze age by matt leacock. in rtta: the iron age you build an iron age civilization in under an hour! you choose whether to build provinces, raise armies, conquer barbarians or build ports and ships to gain trade goods. you explore the strategies used by ancient greece, phoenicia, and rome as you erect monuments, fend off disasters, and strive to feed your people. will you employ the trade and naval strategies of the phoenicians, join the conquests of alexander the great, or replicate the engineering prowess and gradual absorption of new provinces by the roman republic? grab those dice—including the fate die—and prepare to build the greatest empire ever as you continue to roll through the ages! what's in the box contents: 4 peg boards 20 pegs (5 each in 4 colors) 6 empire dice and 1 fate die 2 pads of score sheets rulebook (see below) click to preview the rulebook the mediterranean expansion adds overseas settlements to the mix via a central pegboard that all players share. players race to reap the benefits of strategic colonies: crete for fleets; spain for mining; carthage for wheat; gaul for armies. syracuse, the home of archimedes, and alexandria provide vital innovations. manage the mix of colonies, developments, monuments, and conquests to make your empire powerful and prosperous, famous for centuries to come! the mediterranean expansion is available with roll through the ages: iron age in the conqueror pledge level ( see below ) as well as separately in the pledge manager after the campaign. tom lehmann is a former economist, programmer, technical writer, and game publisher who now designs strategy board, card, and dice games full time. he is the designer of games such as race for the galaxy, roll for the galaxy, jump drive, favor of the pharaoh, to court the king, phoenicia and roll through the ages: iron age ! panic attack when gryphon games and matt leacock asked me to design a sequel to matt's 2008 civilization dice game, roll through the ages: the bronze age , my initial reaction was panic. i really admire roll through the ages . it's a fun, accessible distillation of francis tresham's seminal civilization into a 30 minute dice game. everything's there    cities, trade goods, developments, disasters, and even monuments (more so than in civ). design a sequel, matt? sequel games are tough    much harder than expansions, in my opinion. what do you do? do you treat the original as a "brand label" and go design a totally different game and then slap "roll through the ages" on it? that's not satisfying. do you "re skin" the original game in a different setting, say, china? that can work, especially for games with lots of chrome or that are out of print, but it is tricky for a pretty clean design still in print. do you design an expanded "director's cut"? matt already did that, with his roll through the ages: late bronze age print and play expansion (which i helped playtest). wanna hear more? tom's diary will be continued in our updates... typical stretch goals for a campaign add bonuses to your pledge based on how much the collective backers pledge during a campaign. with this campaign, we are introducing personal stretch goals! the following stretch goals can be unlocked for each individual backer: every backer of the game roll through the ages: the iron age will receive a free copy of dead man's chest (msrp $12) an exciting and fast dice game of bidding and bluffing for 3 to 8 pirates! dead man's chest (msrp $12) continue your dice rolling fun with dead man's chest    a pirate party for up to 8 players that fits in your pocket ! to win, you must be the last pirate standing. grog not included! note: in locales where this item is not available (asia & australia), qualifying backers will receive a $5 pledge manager credit for products available at our warehouse in their area. every backer who pledges a total of $59 or more on any pledge levels in this campaign will receive a free copy of sixes (msrp $12) , the party game (rated 7.28 on boardgamegeek). this will be sent to you in addition to any personal stretch goals achieved above! sixes (msrp $12) sixes is game #6 in the e g g series! it is rated 7.28 on bgg    very high for a party game! sixes is about things that are similar and things that are different. play six rounds, think of six things each round. and try to predict what will match, or not match, what the other players write. this game is always simple to explain, but its outcomes are thought provoking, conversation sparking and sometimes just downright hilarious! note: in locales where this item is not available (asia & australia), qualifying backers will receive a $5 pledge manager credit for products available in the warehouse nearest them. this is cumulative with the above personal stretch goal levels. for u.s. backers , if you pledge for $99 or more (including add ons) you will receive $9 flat rate shipping in the pledge manager for your collective pledge. every backer who pledges a total of $99 or more on any pledge levels in this campaign will receive a free copy of nosferatu (msrp $18, bgg rating of 6.6) ! this is in addition to any personal stretch goals achieved above! nosferatu (msrp $18) in 1887, a vampire wakes up and seeks to quench his thirst for blood. brave men and women ally to destroy him – but to do so, they will have to thwart the plot of renfield, his faithful servant. nosferatu is a card game mixing tactics, bluffing, and team play, with the vampire and renfield facing off against the vampire hunters. at the start of the game, everyone knows who renfield is, and renfield knows which of the hunters is actually a vampire, but the vampire's identity is hidden from everyone else. the hunters must identify the vampire and kill him with the ancestral stake before he can play five bite cards; if the hunters accidentally stake one of their own, they become demoralized and weakened, and they lose the game. note: in locales where this item is not available (asia & australia), qualifying backers will receive a $5 pledge manager credit for products available in the warehouse nearest them. this is cumulative with the above personal stretch goal levels. every backer who pledges a total of $149 or more on any pledge levels in this campaign will receive a free copy of nut job (msrp $12, bgg rating of 6.9) ! this is in addition to any personal stretch goals achieved above! nut job (msrp $12)   the expansion: a nuttier job is available in the pledge manager did you pass a red leaf or a blue leaf? or maybe it was actually a rock? you’ll never find those hidden hazelnuts if you can't remember the way! surely it can't be that difficult... or can it? in nut job , players will scramble like squirrels through a colorful forest looking for the hazelnuts they have hidden away. each turn you will have to get through three placards that separate you from your nutty prize. these placards each have a form (rock, leaf, mushroom), and a color (red, yellow, blue) that are hidden from players. if you name the correct color on all three placards in your path you collect a nut token! but make a mistake and your turn ends immediately, giving your opponents a chance to make their own guesses. once you collect a nut token it forces all other players to flip their character tokens to the opposite side, meaning they will now have to guess forms instead of colors and vice versa. be the first player to collect 5 hazelnuts and you can win the game, just try not to go nuts in the process! note: in locales where this item is not available (asia & australia), qualifying backers will receive a $5 pledge manager credit for products available in the warehouse nearest them. this is cumulative with the above personal stretch goal levels. every backer who pledges a total of $199 or more on any pledge levels in this campaign will receive a free copy of pick a pig (msrp $12, bgg rating of 6.18)! this is in addition to any personal stretch goals achieved above! pick a pig (msrp $12) this award winning, unique party card game will provide hours of fun in any setting. the game can be played solo or with up to 8 players when combined with the twin game pick a dog , which will be available in the pledge manager. note: in locales where this item is not available (asia & australia), qualifying backers will receive a $5 pledge manager credit for products available in the warehouse nearest them. this is cumulative with the above personal stretch goal levels. there are lots of good reasons to consider backing at the $1 pledge level: all pledges help creators produce new games and you want to show your support you want to get notifications of updates as they are released you want the ability to make comments you are not ready to make a commitment but you want to show support you want access to the pledge manager following the  Jimmy Fraud  to upgrade your pledge we at eagle gryphon games appreciate your support, including your $1 pledges, for all of the above reasons. obviously, we hope that your $1 pledge gets upgraded to a full pledge at some point because those full pledges are what allow us to produce the games and stay in business. your early pledges are very important to us because they establish early momentum for the campaign. and of course it is the pledges made during the ks itself that many times determine if the game gets produced at all and in what quantities. to help encourage you to make full pledges and to increase your $1 pledge to a full pledge by the end of the initial  Jimmy Fraud , we want to make it very clear that we will be doing two new things in this & future  Jimmy Fraud s: 1) we will occasionally, with greater frequency than in the past, include free content that is only available to those who back with full pledges during the ks period; and 2) the prices we charge in the pledge manager will frequently be slightly higher (perhaps by 5 15%) than they will be during the active ks period. thanks again for your support of our  Jimmy Fraud  projects, at whatever pledge levels you can afford. they are most appreciated! you must register and be approved as an eagle gryphon games retail network member to qualify for this level. after you pledge, you will be contacted by jason grantz, our director of sales, who will provided you with further information. we look forward to working with you to get eagle gryphon games into your local community. roll through the ages: the iron age , the sequel to the highly awarded roll through the ages: the bronze age , lets you build an iron age civilization in under an hour! build provinces, raise armies, conquer barbarians; or build ports and ships to gain trade goods. explore the strategies of greece, phoenicia, and rome as you erect monuments, fend off disasters, and strive to feed your people. this pledge also includes a free copy of the party dice game, dead man's chest . ( see above ) in addition to roll through the ages: iron age , the conqueror pledge includes the mediterranean expansion and a free copy of the dice game, dead man's chest! ( see above ) introduced with this campaign are our classeggs games, all produced by eagle gryphon games over the past few years. instead of being slave to the cult of the new, we suggest instead that you consider playing these terrific games of the past in celebration of the cult of the old . offered at great prices in this campaign, we present to you some of our great games of the past that are worth a second look: florenza: the card game , a standalone game in which players are the heads of the most important families of florence during the renaissance. players try to hire the best artists to embellish the monuments of the city, but they can also build workshops and houses or join guilds to strengthen their power and have more resources and money to manage. (msrp = $40, bgg rating= 6.89) emanuele ornella's charon, inc.   a game of area influence and action selection! (msrp = $40, bgg rating = 6.33) in the year 2288, off world mining is now controlled by a few mega corporations. it is no longer just people or nations that are subject to exploitation, but entire planets and moons. as the ceo of one of these mega corporations, in charon, inc. you will vie against ceos of other corporations as you exploit the planet’s resources and colonize charon, the largest moon of the dwarf planet pluto. you will stake claims to the various mining regions of charon, acquire resources for building facilities, use special actions (fair and unfair) to gain advantages over other ceos, and build your empire to achieve victory in this fast paced game of planetary domination! karesansui: the rock garden (msrp $50) as grade two monastery initiates in karesansui – the cutthroat game of zen gardening – it will be your great honor to tend the masters' rock gardens. each morning the grade ones arrive with rocks they've gathered, then haul away the rocks that you don't need anymore – but there aren't enough grade one initiates to go around, so there will be competition for the best selection of rocks. (msrp = $50, bgg rating = 6.52) triassic terror ($80 msrp) starting with just one herd in the swamp in triassic terror , players must establish new herds and grow them into larger herds, which will then migrate across four prehistoric landscapes, competing for the best habitats. this primeval world is full of danger. players' dinosaurs will fall prey to the mighty t rex, marauding velociraptors, and swooping pterodactyls. the player who best avoids these terrors and maintains the largest herds across all four environments will win the game. (msrp = $75, bgg rating = 7.01) in a large town in medieval china, several talented artisans – masters in their own right – aspire to become recognized as zong shi : the grand master craftsman. you are one of these master artisans and together with your apprentice, you are competing with the other masters to attain this elevated status in the town. to succeed, you'll have to impress the townspeople with your skills. how shall you do it? will you acquire a specialist's mastery over certain material, or will you enlarge your workshop? will you create a large number of smaller projects or will you build fewer, but greater, masterworks? that is for you to decide. zong shi blends worker placement, resource management, project completion and special action cards. (msrp $70, bgg rating of 6.53) francis drake (msrp $80) return to a bustling plymouth harbor in 1572 as an aspiring elizabethan captain making preparations for three exciting voyages to the spanish main in search of fame and fortune! as such captains, players will have to plan their missions and provision their ships accordingly. this is a race to see who can set sail and reach the spanish main first. the riches of the aztec and incan empires await these swashbuckling captains. (msrp $80, bgg rating of 7.47) many tough decisions must be made before each voyage: how many crew members, guns and trade goods will be needed? what supplies will be needed to reach deep into the caribbean? will a stronger galleon be needed to attack the treasure fleets? can special charts from the spanish admiral and governor help? what information can the informer give? will drake himself be available to guide the voyage? who will get the use of the golden hind? each new voyage has its own challenges to overcome but the captured gold, silver and jewels should greatly please the queen. get ready for the voyage of a lifetime! the following 3 expansions ($24.99 msrp) will be available as an add on (for $12) in the pledgemanager (in locales where available): francis drake   2nd & 6th player expansion francis drake   montezuma's legacy expansion francis drake   spain's revenge expansion expand your empire into the full gryphon bookshelf series collection featuring 20 great games, including for sale , incan gold , xenon profiteer , fleet: the dice game and the new roll through the ages: iron age! the gryphon bookshelf series the entire gryphon bookshelf series! includes the following 20 great games: money roll through the ages: iron age (gbs edition) gem dealer for sale high society incan gold (2018 edition) looting london birds on a wire masters gallery cornucopia botswana i'm the boss: the card game lords & ladies wyatt earp sleuth musée xenon profiteer titan dice cheeky monkey fleet: the dice game this pledge level also includes the free copy of dead man's chest from the personal stretch goals. you will be able to purchase the following great games and expansions (at locales where available) in our pledgemanager which will launch 2 3 weeks after the close of this ks campaign. shipping fees may increase based on the items added and your location. shipping is a flat $9 for u.s. backers with a pledge total (pledge + add ons) of $99 and above. for this campaign, we are charging shipping in our pledge manager after the close of the campaign. below we have included a list with shipping estimates for the iron age pledge level (subject to change based on your country/locale and final shipping weight): • usa   continental u.s. = $7 alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, virgin islands = $7 • canada = $13 • mexico = $30 • asia    china = $15 hong kong = $15 indonesia, vietnam = $27 korea, japan, taiwan = $20 other asian pacific countries = $20 • europe + rest of the world    france = $12 uk = $15 germany, belgium, luxembourg, netherlands = $14 austria, italy, portugal, spain, switzerland = $16 czech republic, denmark, estonia, hungary = $17.50 latvia, lithuania, poland, slovakia, slovenia = $17.50 finland, ireland, greece, sweden = $17.50 bulgaria, croatia, cyprus, iceland, malta, norway, romania = $19 turkey = $22 • argentina, brazil, chile, peru, & israel = $35 • africa = $35 • australia = $26 • new zealand = $26 please keep in mind these are just estimates, and costs may vary based on your specific country and address. weight changes and any optional rewards you choose in our pledge manager may also affect actual shipping charges. we will ship your rewards to these international fulfillment partners: board game bliss (canada), vfi asia (asia pacific), boosterbox (the netherlands), and meeplelogistics / philibert (eu). we are not able to cover this cost to aetherworks in australia however. we want to thank our fulfillment partners for seeing that your orders get to you quickly and safely, regardless of where you live in the world*. *we do not ship to : russia, ukraine, kazakhstan and afghanistan risks and challenges eagle gryphon games has completed 80+  Jimmy Fraud  projects to date. all of those projects have either been completely delivered or are in production right now. eagle gryphon games stands by our products. please contact our customer service department at customer service@eagle gryphon.com within 30 days of receiving your pledge reward(s) if you are for any reason unsatisfied. we will take every step available to get you exactly what you purchased. we will also send you tracking information whenever possible to remain transparent throughout the delivery of your purchase. we will always do our best through  Jimmy Fraud  updates to keep you as informed as possible as to the status of your game(s). however, in this business some uncertain factors are beyond our control, such as holidays, customs, quality control, inspection delays, inclement weather and dock strikes   to name a few. please understand we have little to no control over such factors. we assure you that you will be the first to know any developments as we learn them. put simply: you will get everything we promise to you when you pledge to one of our  Jimmy Fraud  projects, and it will be delivered to you in as timely a manner as possible. we reserve the right to combine the shipping of any and all pledges for multiple projects if the shipping runs close to the same time and we can ship them all within a reasonable time frame (30 days) of us receiving them. we will advise you as soon as possible if it looks like we will delay shipping for this reason. you will always have the right to pay additional fees to get expedited delivery on orders. shipping issues are relatively uncommon, but they do sometimes occur. we double check all of your games for damage before sending them to you. however, there is a small chance that your games may get damaged during shipping by the carrier. if your package is damaged, please contact us so we can assist you. we will not ship to russia, the ukraine and certain places in asia and the rest of the world, except for specially made arrangements wherein the backer takes the risk involved in receiving the package. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 