lor knows no borders tour june 13 july 12 join author vicki marie stolsen live: june 13—toronto ; june 16—new york city ; june 20—boston ; june 25—chicago; july 11—seattle there’s been a dramatic conversation sparked by the publication of the bachelor chapters: a thinking woman's romance that points toward freedom and takes on the truth: we’re talking about a woman’s freedom to follow her heart—free from shame, free from stigma, and free from the status quo. this summer we will translate the book into spanish, and this is your invitation to signal your support. why are we asking you to contribute to this project? because like us, you agree that this true story that portrays sex as normal, shame as immoral, and desire as the fire that fuels liberation is a story to share. when you pitch in for the translation, you weigh in to engage a global conversation about what women want and what women think they can have: with their relationships, with their careers, and with their passion. hi, my name is vicki marie stolsen , and the bachelor chapters describes my comical and controversial journey to reinvent romantic relationships after twenty years of monogamy. i was forty four years old, sex positive, and driven by a business executive’s ambition for success when i launched a grand experiment to level the dating field, and come out swinging like a bachelor. why? because i was done with monogamy, appalled by celibacy, and not turned on by the option of serial one night stands. i needed a different choice, and once i found the courage to strike out into the unknown, i found it staring me right in the face. that’s when i changed my game, recalibrated my heart, and became the best bachelor i could be. vicki marie is ready to read at fit poling studio, panama city, panama ~ vicki marie está listo para la lectura en fit poling de estudio, panamá ciudad de panamá vicki marie está listo para la lectura en fit poling de estudio, panamá ciudad de panamá in this contagious narrative, i stake out the terrain between sex and the city and eat, pray, love , but with the distinct voice of a woman well into her forties. the bachelor chapters book trailer by red 14 films , los angeles more than just one woman’s story, in the bachelor chapters i lay out fresh and frank ideas about sex, love, adultery, men, women, race, gay identity, body image, and aging. readers of all ages have related to my drive to solve this dilemma: how does one manage the rise and fall of love; how does one reconcile mythology with real life; how does one get laid and not get screwed? questions for the bachelor, panama city, panama ~ preguntas para the bachelor, ciudad de panamá, panamá this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is to pay for translation services, so we can offer this liberating story to spanish language readers all over the globe. translating is expensive and time consuming, but i know that my boundary busting narrative already has readers: i lived in buenos aires, cartagena, medellín, barcelona, and panamá while writing the book, and i stirred up a passionate nucleus of readers who can’t wait to jump in for the ride. my bilingual fans made it clear they don't want their monolingual friends to miss out! more than just a steamy kiss and tell romance, and more than fifty shades of grey for forty something's, the bachelor chapters explores the sexiness of gender free bachelorhood co mingling with a thinking woman’s commentary that hits on fashion, feminism, power, shame, black american history, lesbian sexuality, and human mortality. i know—sounds like a stretch—but maybe i was on to something? learn more at the bachelor blog here’s what readers are saying: “vicki marie stolsen delivers a strong, smart, sexy story about defining one’s passion after years of following the rules. in this brave account of charting her own erotic map, stolsen explores the power to be wildly curious and to declare one’s desires without apology. the bachelor chapters is a manifesto on becoming a connoisseur of sexual expression.” — elise d’haene, writer, red shoe diaries college students in medellín, colombia, made it clear they want a spanish edition! august 2013 ~ lectura los capítulos bachelor en medellín, colombia, agosto 2013 “dear vicki marie stolsen, thank you for being so honest, bold, sexy, and creative. i think everyone can learn from your book and in turn should buy it right now!!! don’t wait people!” —kate alabaster “i read vicki’s book in less than a week. i was mesmerized. there were moments i felt like i was reading my own story—mine’s not quite as glamorous though. i instantly connected with vicki’s desires to make her own choices and not feel shame. i left a marriage with a man, entered into a relationship with a woman and have since, dated both. vicki was able to put into words what i felt through the process of “coming out” again. i will re read this book. —julie b. “the authoress openly tells her story of a chosen lifestyle which is out of the norm, in a way that unexpectedly imparts lessons. yes, it is hot but also teaches the freedom of a non judgmental lifestyle. in addition, it also explores the value differences placed on male and female social behavior from a standpoint that most people do not give much thought to. she lives her life in a bold, brave, confident style in everything she does to include business, hobbies and sex. she looks to no one for validation. such strength is rarely encountered and i sure did not imagine i would receive life learning moments from a book about sex, love and adultery. read and enjoy.” —jackie ralston writing the bachelor chapters in barcelona, spain, july 2013 ~ escribiendo los capítulos bachelor en barcelona, españa, julio 2013 “your message is super important for the world to hear…your passion for life and writing is inspiring. thanks for being so completely yourself. xo” —catherine uehara “it has been a while since i sucked a book down so voraciously. the combination of your excellent writing style, brave and confident bachelor life, humor that i can hear as if you were talking right next to me, and most of all—the truth about us humans spoken so honestly and accurately. there is more, but i am no writer. i wish i had read this book when i was thirty. thank you for this gift to women’s sexual freedom. enough shame already. i’m going to give both of my thirty something daughters a copy.” —tamara cottongim launching the bachelor chapters in seattle, usa, february 2014 ~ el lanzamiento los capítulos bachelor en seattle, ee.uu., febrero 2014 the bachelor chapters came out in march 2014, when we hit the road with a west coast tour. the northeast tour is happening now: toronto, new york city, boston, chicago, and then another spin through my hometown of seattle. later this year, we’ll be on the ground at the barcelona book fair, the guadalajara book fair, and finally, the hay festival in cartagena, colombia. i’m bankrolling travel and expenses, but i’m asking you to cover the outlay for translation. why? we aim to broaden this conversation with the spanish edition, and because it’s a public conversation—because it's a global conversation—we need you at the table. thanks for your attention, your consideration, and thank you for contributing; let’s make this book about women's liberation that has been enthusiastically praised by english readers accessible to readers of spanish. the bachelor chapters: a thinking woman’s romance is a coming of age story, a coming out story, and a coming to grips story. it's written as an intimate account of one woman's life, but there is something for everyone, in every culture, to relate to in this bold and life affirming tale that takes on shame, doubt, and pleasure with courage, self consciousness, and humor. read an excerpt from the bachelor chapters below: the hot pink bachelor bracelet is one of our rewards! ~ la pulsera rosa caliente de bachelor es una de nuestras premios! “ the bachelor chapters: a thinking woman’s romance” chapter 26 let’s do the math: a short business trip to chicago yields three nights of sex with three total strangers. that adds up to one backslapping victory for the man on the prowl, while the same score for a woman invites the timeworn indictment that the chick is a slut. you might think that a woman who had lived half her adult life as a lesbian would have skin too thick to be riled by such conventional finger wagging. sadly, that was not true. female promiscuity seemed to be the final frontier of sexual liberation, and for me, it was yet another hurdle of ignominy to overcome. just like i learned to talk circles around my partnership with a woman—least i offend mainstream sensibilities—or invite harassment and judgment; so i kept a lid on the reality of my middle age preference to remain a player on the field. in business, and in the public social sphere, a woman can be coupled, looking to be coupled, or chaste. deviations invite prejudice, which is rarely conducive to earning a living or keeping a conversation on target. when i began to come out as a bachelor—my third declaration of sexual deviation—the usual comeback was that i had misspoken: i was a bachelorette. not possible, i argued. there is no resemblance between the two ways of life. a bachelor can have a long term lifestyle, but a woman is a bachelorette only the night before she is married. opposite sex contact for a woman, prior to engagement, was no more than a succession of way stations on the narrow path toward marriage. until now, that is. i had discovered a different possibility, and i wanted the world to know. now that women could be bachelors, we could stop being sluts. my word for these episodes was dating, the mature woman’s euphemism for sex. in reality, i had no desire for traditional dating at all. i was not interested in going to movies, or for walks in the park, or on visits to museums. my foreplay was nutritional and physical: give me dinner, a drink, and a spin around the dance floor. give me a man with a hot body and an above average intellect who could turn me on with conversation, and seal the deal by taking the lead. i didn’t want to spend the time we could be having sex with handholding activities or field trips with friends. i had a full life, with a challenging career, and a developing art business. i had a deep well of family ties and friendships to sustain, a rigorous workout regime with my trainers, a household to maintain, and a cat to pet. i loved every activity that consumed my long days, and i wanted to insert high octane sex into the mix, and i wanted it on a regular basis. ideally, i wanted ongoing sex partnerships without the obligation of conventional partnerships; no checking in, no sundays with his folks, no zoo trips with his kids. i wanted one hundred percent of his attention when we were together, and i wanted no obligation when we were not. i wanted integrity, so my men had to know i dated other men, but those relationships would remain private and were not open for conversation. i assumed that my date would have other women as well, and i expected to be kept in the dark about even the slightest of details. i aspired to a mind blowing, capacity stretching, sexual trade: free from the framework of love and partnership, but adult style respectful. i wanted a good time with a good man, and because i wanted to keep him coming back my plan was to be the best date he ever had, every time. i wanted more than one man, but not for that sullied excuse that i was a slut. it was because i had come to understand that my failure at monogamy was not because i was weak, or lacked morality, or was merely a selfish asshole. it was because at my core, i was a passionate, playful, thrill seeking connoisseur of my own sexual expression. it just wasn’t possible i could be the only woman in history that fit that description. i was on a quest to find the men on the planet that belonged in my tribe. and finally, it seemed possible; again and again, i was meeting my people. copyright 2014, vicki marie stolsen the bachelor chapters is available in paperback and ebook formats at ibook, nook , kobo and amazon , or order through your neighborhood bookstore. october 2014, barcelona book fair ~ december 2014, guadalajara book fair ~ february 2015, the hay festival, cartagena colombia reading for alana hull's reality pilot, "lumber jills", panama city, panama ~ lectura para el piloto reality de alana hull, "madera jills" , ciudad de panamá , panamá el bachelor no sabe ninguna frontera la introducción de una historia real que puentes fronteras: únase a nosotros para traducir ¨los capítulos bachelor: una novela para la mujer pensadora¨ en español! ha habido una conversación dramática desatada por la publicación los capítulos bachelor: una novela para la mujer pensadora ¨ que apunta hacia la libertad y asume la verdad: estamos hablando de la libertad de la mujer para seguir a su corazón libre de vergüenza, libre de estigma y libre del status quo. este verano vamos a traducir el libro al español, y esta es su invitación para señalar su apoyo. ¿por qué estamos pidiendo que contribuir a este proyecto? porque al igual que nosotros, usted está de acuerdo que esta verdadera historia que retrata el sexo como algo normal, la vergüenza como inmorales, y el deseo como el fuego que alimenta la liberación es una historia que compartir. cuando se trata de vender en la traducción, usted pesa in para acoplarse a una conversación global sobre lo que las mujeres quieren y lo que las mujeres piensan que pueden tener: con sus relaciones, con sus carreras, y con su pasión. hola, mi nombre es vicki marie stolsen , y los capítulos bachelor es la historia verdadera que relata mi viaje cómico y controversial, para reinventar relaciones románticas después de veinte años de la monogamia . yo tenía cuarenta y cuatro años, apoyadora del sexo, y impulsada por la ambición de una ejecutiva de negocios para el éxito. es cuando puse en marcha un gran experimento para nivelar el campo de las citas, y renací como bachelor. the bachelor takes a screen test for abn iptv thenet works "the conversation" panama city, panama ~ the bachelor tiene una prueba de pantalla para la abn iptv thenet works " the conversation " ciudad de panamá, panamá ¿por qué? porque ya había terminado con la monogamia, consternada con la idea del celibato, y desilusionada con la opción de varias ´aventuras de una noche´. necesitaba una opción alternativa, y una vez que encontré el coraje de huelga a lo desconocido, lo encontré mirándome justo en la cara. fue entonces cuando me cambié de juego, recalibre mi corazón, y me convertí en la mejor bachelor que podría ser. en esta narración contagiosa, me replanteo del terreno entre sex and the city and eat, pray, love, pero con la clara voz de una mujer bien entrada en los cuarenta. más que la historia de solo una mujer, en los capítulos bachelor propongo ideas nuevas sobre sexo, amor, adulterio, hombres, mujeres, raza, identidad homosexual, imagen corporal, y envejecimiento. lectores de todas las edades se han relacionado con mi ambición para resolver este dilema: ¿uno cómo maneja las altas y bajas del amor? ¿cómo conciliar la mitología con la vida real? ¿como se puede fornicar sin estar jodida? esta campaña de  Jimmy Fraud  es para pagar los servicios de traducción, por lo que pueda ofrecer esta historia liberadora de lectores de habla hispana en todo el mundo. traducir es caro y demora mucho tiempo , pero sé que mi relato, que reinventa límites, ya tiene lectores : yo vivía en buenos aires , cartagena, medellín , barcelona y panamá mientras escribía el libro, yo conseguí un núcleo apasionado de lectores, que no pueden esperar unirse al viaje. mis fans bilingües dejaron en claro que no quieren que sus amigos monolingües pierdan la oportunidad de leer este libro! lo mejor de los capítulos bachelor es que es algo más que un romance ¨kiss and tell¨, y es más que una ¨cincuenta sombras de gris para cuarenta y algos" . imagine la sensualidad soltería libre de genero, mezclado con el comentario de una mujer pensadora que habla de la moda, el feminismo, el poder , la vergüenza, la historia de américa del negro, la sexualidad lesbiana y la mortalidad humana. yo sé—suena como mucho—¿pero tal vez estaba descubriendo algo? college students in medellin agree: translate this book! ~ estudiantes universitarios en medellín están de acuerdo: traducir este libro! los capítulos bachelor salió en marzo de 2014, cuando llegamos a la carretera con una gira por la costa oeste. el noreste tour está sucediendo ahora: toronto, ciudad de nueva york, boston, chicago, y luego otra vuelta a través de mi ciudad natal de seattle. a finales de este año, vamos a estar en el suelo en la feria de barcelona libro, la feria del libro de guadalajara , y, por último, el hay festival en cartagena, colombia. estoy financiando los viajes y gastos, pero te lo pido para cubrir el gasto de traducción. ¿por qué? nuestro objetivo es ampliar esta conversación con la edición en español, y porque es un público conversación porque es una conversación   nos mundial que necesitamos en la mesa. gracias por su atención, su consideración, y gracias por contribuir; vamos a hacer este libro, que ha estado entusiastamente elogiado por los lectores ingleses, accesibles a lectores de español. los capítulos bachelor: una novela para la mujer pensadora¨ es una historia de madurez, una historia para revelarse. hay algo para todo el mundo, y gente de todas culturas pueden relacionarse con este relato valiente. es una afirmación de la vida que se enfrenta la vergüenza, la duda y el placer con el coraje, la autoconciencia, y el humor. risks and challenges we have located a translator in los angeles who has translated many theatrical plays, so we are excited that he has lots of experience with english dialogue! we've allotted plenty of time for the task, so we expect to make our first target, and have books on site at the barcelona book fair in october. we selected december as our expected delivery for rewards, because we're on the road until december 4th, after the guadalajara book fair. our plan is to fulfill all rewards after returning to the states. our rewards are simple to fulfill, so the chance that we will have problems is rare. however, one risk is that the translator becomes delayed in his timeline. with international orders, we will be dealing with shipping variables we can't control once the books and bracelets leave our offices in los angeles, in december 2014. we will not be insuring these small packages, so there is also risk of loss in the delivery stream. "the bachelor will take you out" reward will have to be coordinated between the bachelor and the backer, as schedules allow. the bachelor will travel to the backer's city, or the bachelor and the backer can agree to meet in a different location. contact vicki marie if you want to confirm a day and a city before buying this reward. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 