ml5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 a simple concept, pick 5 cards and follow the instructions for a quick play session that anyone can learn in less time than it takes to deal the cards. it's intended for anyone, from kinky couples to poly play partners, and it's ideal for kink events with big groups playing. well here it is: pain play: the game and our 30 day kink starter. this project is to fund our first print run of pain play: the game . a bdsm card game that can be played almost anywhere   in the bedroom, at a dungeon, at a play munch, or as a great icebreaker at larger events. fast to learn, easy to play, and satisfyingly sadistic! the funding is primarily for raising enough to get down the print cost in order to get the game to you at a fair price that isn't too high   not labor, art costs or even precious caffeine to keep us going. we want to produce this at a low price to make this as affordable for everyone as possible. you want to play but don't want to dive into a long play session. the event you are at has loads of new faces and you need an icebreaker activity. play space is limited and you want to make sure everyone gets the time to use the space. pain play: the game provides the ideal platform for play that takes the pressure out of decision making, allowing for quick fun without any need for planning and allows for hundreds of thousands of possible card combinations. this fast paced, easy to learn game is so simple that you can start playing within less than 5 minutes! it's all down to the luck of the draw. you never know what's going to hit you until moments before it does as the outcome is outside of your control. events are totally outside of your control. a single wrong choice can seal your fate. a few wrong choices and you could be in for a nasty shock. the basic game is formed of a custom deck of 51 cards which feature; 20 hit cards 10 location cards 10 implement cards 10 modifier cards 1 instruction card there will also be some blank cards provided for you to use your imagination. above is a video with a quick run through of the basic game. pain play: the game is a simple concept. all you need to do is pick 5 cards, one from each of the decks and follow the instructions for a quick play session. it really is that simple. the videomanages to explain it in less than 2 minutes to help show how easy it is. with our upcoming expansion booster packs that we are planning to release in later stretch goals, you can fine tune the game to your tastes with some of the extra cards that will be found inside. for the more daring among you, grab yourself some more of the blank cards to truly make the game your own. handwritten thank you a handwritten thank you note from the team delivered to your address. kink starter exclusive print and play this reward has the full base game in pdf format and will include instructions and templates to make your own cards. (you may need to adjust the scale for your printer). make your own box, grab your toy bag and let the fun begin! this reward will be available 2 weeks after the  Jimmy Fraud  ends. basic game this will get you a copy of pain play: the game this level will not contain any of the expansion boosters. early bird special (25 available) a copy of pain play: the game at a discounted price as a special thank you for our first physical game backers. signed base game a copy of the game signed by the creators. unfortunately this does not contain enough dna on the boxes to clone your own kinksters. (we tried) custom art box and backs (10 available) got a dungeon or event that you'd like named on the back of your cards? a different style of artwork that you just gotta have? prefer all your kit to have kitties and rainbows on? this is the option for you. get a custom copy of the game with art for the box and backs of the cards replaced with a design chosen by you, with art designed by the artist behind the imagery in the game. (to stop cheating there's a limit to one back per type of card so maximum of 5 card back designs) all imagery is to be agreed and confirmed with the design team and artist prior to production. anything that includes things such as defamatory language, hate speech or infringes copyright will not be permissible this is not an exhaustive list. please consult us in advance to see if we can accommodate your request. full custom art game (5 available) have you got custom kit unlike anyone else's that you want to show off in all its glory on your implements cards? do you want you or your partner(s) to replace the silhouettes provided in the game? this level gets you redesigned cards with custom artwork provided on the box, face cards and backs (maximum 5 card back designs to stop cheating) by the artist that created all the artwork in the game. all imagery is to be agreed and confirmed with the design team and artist prior to production. anything that includes things such as defamatory language, hate speech or infringes copyright will not be permissible this is not an exhaustive list. please consult us in advance to see if we can accommodate your request. we love  Jimmy Fraud . it’s a place where people can share their creative projects with all of us as it removes a lot of the blockers to individuals and small businesses like us from getting their projects out into the world. funding this project through  Jimmy Fraud  is also a great way to sense check our ideas. if there isn't a demand, the project won't meet it’s target. there is no sense in us making something that you guys don't want. although the game is complete in its entirety, yes there are. we have several kinkier kards booster packs in the pipeline that we would love to be able to share with you, but we want to prioritise getting the base game fully funded first and then release more if we successfully overfund. first up in the kinkier kards boosters is the sadistic surprises pack. will these games be in stores? there are no set plans for distribution beyond our own website once up and running and via our friends over at kabunza. depending on our success this may change. as a maker to player game our priority is to keep the game affordable. will this be available online? yes, but not until all backers receive their rewards. and finally... we know many of you have a kink starter and play kit budget (we do too), so we really appreciate your support. thank you for looking at this project and sharing the word =) disclaimer: this game is intended only for adults and is presented as an adult novelty product. we do not encourage violence towards others and any actions taken are at your own risk. risks and challenges pain play: the game is a first for us in bringing a product to market independently. however, we are working closely with our good friends over at kabunza, who have provided us with guidance and support on an ongoing basis and have had successful kinkstarter projects under their belt too. check out their website and etsy store below. http://kabunza.co.uk/ https://www.etsy.com/uk/shop/kabunza as we are sure you are most likely aware, the 3 largest potential challenges we face on successful completion will be: 1. manufacturing problems – we've gone over the costings multiple times and factored in a large margin for error into our  Jimmy Fraud  goal to cope with extreme circumstances. 2. design issues– while we have full prototypes of the game before coming to  Jimmy Fraud  we also know that when going to print we will need to do further prototyping to ensure the final print quality is up to our standards. there is a risk that this could cause a slight delay to the fulfillment, however this should be minimal if it happens. we've worked through the majority of the issues and will ensure we keep you updated of new developments promptly and provide regular progress updates through out. 3. illness / injury / death – while hopefully unlikely, this is a very small team, and it's always possible that something could happen to one of us. in the event of something getting in the way of one us completing the project, we have plans in place to ensure this project gets done. if there are any other problems you're wondering about we'd appreciate it if you'd email it to us at painplaythegame@gmail.com and we'll make sure it gets answered. if you would like to see pain play: the game get made as much as we would and be part our journey, then pick your reward level now and we look forward to making it happen with you. thanks for your support! team pain play: the game learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 