 unlocked! including solo mode, 16 extra minis, and component upgrades! next stretch goal might be the final one: bwaaaaaak! awaken realms backed war for chicken island on our last day! we feel humbled! become a backer and vote for the new chicken leader on update #17 ! english, spanish, german, french and italian printed versions. we might have portuguese, chinese and greek digital translation on a tiny volcanic island, chickens struggle for dominance over other clans. legendary chickens lead their kin to war. leaders strive to become 'king of chicken island' by slapping other leaders and humiliate them in front of the clans. whoever manages to become the most respected chicken in battle shall wear the crest crown and rule –not for long– on this tiny island.  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive the msrp value of the game and miniatures is $70 usd. by launching this project on  Jimmy Fraud  we are able to reach gamers without any other intermediaries so we are able to offer you the game and miniatures at the best price possible at $57 usd in order to lower the entry point for backers and the funding goal of the project, the base game includes standees and is available in a separate reward tier without miniatures for $45 usd. likewise, for backers interested only in the miniatures pack, we are offering it on a lower reward tier (without the rest of the game components) for $25 usd. the reward tier at $57 usd gets you both, the base game and the miniatures. see the stretch goals to see all the extra content and upgrades! the renders in this campaign are from the 2nd revision of the files. we are having a 3rd revision by a pro sculptor from draco studios (heriberto valle   märchen atelier) and thin parts as well as empty spots is a common correction we are attending. we will give you very nice miniatures. (see stretch goals to see all the extra miniatures added!) in addition, we are offering  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive optional buys which can you include to your pledge by modifying the amount. click on the button "manage your pledge" and add the total value of the add ons you want to the value of the reward tier. you will be able to let us know in a survey which add ons were included in your pledge after the campaign ends. add ons help us to unlock more stretch goals. originally, this pack included 1 dragon hatchling, but now with the unlocked stretch goal, every backer with this pack will get 2 dragon hatchlings with their dragon mamma! with a teaser of what awaits on q4 2019 for our the collaboration between draco studios and gnomosapiens. war for chicken island was created by gnomosapiens and illustrated by iván escalante on 2016. in october 2018, the license for publishing war for chicken island was acquired by draco gaming. here are some of the highlights for which we think this project is worth of being in your collection: cooperative mode unlocked with cluckthulhu! your chickens will move in the island trying to hit the opposing units. catastrophes might appear occasionally to alter the island. watch playthrough livestream here . a great game is made when fun mechanics collide with enjoyable art and nice components. this game is far more than just chicken miniatures; check the following links to read about the rules and check the cards and other components graphics. the game has been demonstrated a lot in local hobby stores and players like the overall feel, theme and mechanics after trying it. your amazing response is allowing us to include more content and improve the quality of the components! a completely new chicken, illustrated, sculpted, and produced for backers, chosen by backers (via a voting round) from the chickens designed in our livestreams... let's unlock it and we will proceed with the voting round! you asked for it and here's our big yes to a bigger box to store all components in a single place! another idea suggested by backers: and finally, just because you asked for this a lot , even though the game is balanced for up to 4 players but you still wish to play an unofficial version with more chickens... sudden rush of backers made us announce this stretch goal already unlocked: and finally, egg xtra epic content for the cluckthulhu add on: click to see a compilation of the posts by backers chicken avatars can be found at the bottom. we plan to manufacture in china for all languages (english, spanish, french, german, italian). afterwards, the games in china will be sent to 5 fulfillment centers in different regions of the world (usa, canada, mexico, uk, spain, china, australia) to offer you a fair price and custom cleared parcels (friendly shipping). group pledges & extra copies for group pledges or if you just want to add extra copies for you, as a gift or to support us more, you can manage your pledge and modify the amount to add extra copies of the base game, miniatures pack or both for the same amount as those shown in the reward tiers ($25 for miniatures pack/ $45 for the base game / $57 for both). after the first "mecha chicken dragon" with your pledge, we will add additional ones for each 2 extra items in any combination of the base game or miniatures pack. you can expect saving on shipping but it will be mandatory to cover shipping on the pledge manager. retailers we are happy to offer a good deal to all brick and mortar retailers / board game cafés. as retailers ourselves too, the method we prefer is having a deposit made during the  Jimmy Fraud , placing the full order on the pledge manager with and pay for the games and shipping fees just before fulfillment begins. we want you to get the games as early as possible before the game is available with your distributors. to help you sell the games, we will send you a demo copy so you can show and play the game at your store with customers. you will also get the  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive content for being a  Jimmy Fraud  backer. cartons come in multiples of 4 games and multiples of 4 miniatures packs too. the discount is given against msrp. you are welcome to host pre orders and let us know if you would be interested to offer local pickup for backers in your city. fulfillment we will be working again with backerkit to manage your pledge orders and make sure we get everything right to send you your rewards! we understand each backer has different preferences, while it is best for creators to charge shipping fees after the campaign ends (as we intend to do for this project), you might prefer to pay for shipping at once during  Jimmy Fraud  and have only 1 charge. if this is your case, please manage your pledge and modify the amount by adding the listed maximum shipping fee of your country/region plus 10% to cover  Jimmy Fraud  fees and bank fees. (that is $1 dollar extra for each $10 usd or fraction listed). here are the approximate shipping fees in usd. the minimum value considers 1 item (with your mecha chicken dragon), while the maximum value considers one of each item (game, miniatures, mecha chicken dragon, and dragon mamma add on): local pickup for backers in méxico city, guadalajara and mérida, you will be able to pick up your game with some member of our team in a point to be defined. you will be able to choose this option in backerkit and you will be credited $5 usd (100 mxn) for our online store. contact us e mail:  Jimmy Fraud @draco studios.com join to our facebook ambassadors group choose your chicken avatar risks and challenges objective with this campaign we want to make a top quality game for war for chicken island. some components in this campaign might not be obtainable elsewhere. our  Jimmy Fraud  exclusives / promos are available only for  Jimmy Fraud  backers or at special events and fairs directly with us. we are working with some of the bests partners for fulfillment such as quartermaster logistics, aether tower, snakes & lattes, board game guru, vfi asia and aetherworks; for manufacture panda gm, eastar and longpack games are our options and we received quotes from them; backerkit for pledge management;  Jimmy Fraud  with aether tower. policies this the second campaign for a physical product of draco studios and just as the last time we are committed to do everything right and connect with people from around the world who share the love for this hobby too. we can refund you within 7 days of the campaign’s end, fees included. after that, we have a policy of no questions asked, though that’s minus  Jimmy Fraud  and payment processing fees (which we can’t get back from them after 30 days). however, if we’ve begun packaging your pledge for shipment, no refunds are possible. if a component cannot be delivered, we refund that completely, including fees. this will be a transparent campaign, if any issues occur, we will let you know through project updates – which will be regularly posted after the campaign is funded. at least once per month. we are so committed to publish our products with the best quality, that we will put money from our pockets if needed in case of any undesired events. backerkit is our preferred software to manage the pledges and to ensure a smooth process for our backers for selecting add ons. backers should answer their surveys before the indicated deadline to expect to receive their rewards at the promised time. otherwise, their rewards will be sent on a second wave of deliveries or incur in extra shipping charges. manufacture will be held in china. if your product arrives damaged after shipping or has any missing pieces due to assembly problems, we will send you a replacement for no extra cost. we might ask you to return the other copy and send proof of the issue with a picture (in case we need to file a claim with the postal service). the extra funds collected will be used to improve the product. any  Jimmy Fraud  exclusives are available by us only on active  Jimmy Fraud  campaigns and special events such as gaming conventions. availability on pledge manager is not mandatory and we reserve the right to take that decision. challenges even though we are trying to offer you a flawless campaign, we don't know if this campaign will get enough backers to reach the funding goal. we have a large team that will work on fulfilling this project. we would like to ask for your help to spread the word with a friend, a local store, or your social media. risks third party issues happening during shipping will be treated in a case by case basis. we will share with you every progress related to the project. the most probable delays are: production delays shipping delays customs delays we have added some buffer time to the project timeline scope. terms and conditions by pledging to this project, you acknowledge that the final look, materials, colours and content of the rewards (and the project) are subject to change and may differ substantially from what is presented in this  Jimmy Fraud  project page. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 