ver be easier!” just imagine a business platform accessible to everyone doing something as simple as washing a car. people who think its not possible to work for themselves because of financial circumstances or circumstances out of their control, well with bizproviders we can give them a platform to change that. bizproviders is going to be a site where anyone can sign up for a small fee and offer services to anyone who needs or wants the services they are offering. for example an 18 year old college student who does not want to work a regular job so instead he can sign up with us and advertise a skill he is good at doing regardless of how hard it is to the public and earn a living on his own terms and pick the times he is willing to work. the great thing about this is anyone can do it. why i want to create bizproviders because many people dream of working for themselves, regardless of what it is and everyone can in a way but they don’t. everyone has a skill and is possible of owning their own business full time or just generating some extra income with their free time. the reason people don’t is because of start up costs and the time it takes to generate a steady and liveable income from it. bizproviders can eliminate the daily struggle for small businesses and new emerging businesses with landing that next lead and being seen faster and by more people within your area. with this business we can change the outlook on starting a business because all you need is a simple skill and the ability to get to your next appointment and a little professionalism. regardless of what it is someone has a need for it and many people do things themselves that small businesses can be doing but they do not know where to find the right person. for example last summer my cousin was getting married and needed servers and a bartender, he did not know where to look so he went to local restaurant and asked a few bartenders if they could serve for his wedding, well with us you will not have issues like those because people that know how to bartend could sign up on the site and make some money. mission bizproviders.com is for everyone who ever wanted to start a business and offer a service, our mission is to make that a reality for everyone worldwide. how to get started all you would do is either decide to sign up as a business or a registered user. businesses will have a different style layout on their profile and will have different features for example the feature that will allow the businesses to bid on jobs that customers want done which will allow for businesses offering the same service to compete for the job. businesses will create a customized account that allows them to make a detailed page and answer some questions to provide an outlook on the services they offer as well as basic stuff like the radius that they will provide services in. registered users will create an account about themselves and have basic questions to fill out like what types of services that they are looking for, this also allows them to leave reviews and rate service service providers. without being a registered user you cannot post reviews on business pages, it prevents people from leaving bogus reviews. being a registered user will allow you to chat with service providers as well as video chat, comment, hire, view schedules ,share with friends and more. how to find what i need for finding a business/service you need to hire is as simple as searching in our search bar and all businesses within your area related to your search will populate the screen with the ability to view the profiles of each business. while viewing the business profiles as a non business user you will be able to message ,book appointments, chat, have access to phone numbers, read reviews, leave reviews, view license numbers, get a price quote, send pictures, get recommendations, view previous work and more. the great thing about bizproviders is that we plan on implementing a system where if you need something done you can put in a price you are willing to pay and businesses in your area can accept that or counter with a price they would be more willing to complete that service for. there are endless possibilities for bizproviders.com service bidding service bidding is nothing new, just the way we will implement it will be a game changer. anyone that needs a service done can go onto our app and website, login to his/her profile and have people bid on the service they need done. say i need my house to be pressure washed, i will login and upload pictures, maybe a walk around of my house or atleast give a description of it and give an idea of what i want done. businesses will then be able to go onto the site and with their profile they can offer the lowest price they are willing to do it for. the bidding system will allow people who would normally miss out on jobs be competitive. statistics ● over 50% of businesses are from based from home. ● 43% of small business owners spends 6 or more hours a day on social media. ● 65% of the workforce is due to small business. how much is being spent on business web marketing? ● small and medium businesses are spending 17k$ annually on web marketing services and of that 6.8k is spent on advertisement. ● website maintainance accounts for 52% of all spending ● public relations 12% ● marketing support 11% ● ad production 12% ● online consulting 12% ● 70 80% of people research a company before doing business or making a purchase. ● 35% of small business owners feel their business is too small to warrant a website. (where we can help) ● 46% of small businesses just do not have a website. ● 47% of businesses handle marketing efforts on their own. ● email, websites and social media accounts for 54%, 51%, 48% of marketing tools used. ● 50% of those with websites say their website has a responsive design. ● 12% of businesses use social media instead of a static site. ● cost is sited as a major reason why they do not have a business website. background checks customers of bizproviders will be provided an option to run a background check on the service provider they are interested in through a 3rd party provider at the users expense that has that ability to run a basic check. another option regarding this issue would be to run a complete background check through a 3rd party website at the users expense to get a complete and thorough background check. features that businesses need visibility is the best thing for any business, and we intend on being 100% for business so we will have features implemented on the site such as a new business ticker which will only feature new businesses that have signed up in your local area. on a weekly basis a business will be featured on the business spotlight section on the front page and will be based on reviews and popularity of the page as well as other factors determining how they are picked and will be regional to your location. each business profile will have the ability to message, create discount codes, post on the wall, add pictures, customize profile, add employees, video chat with customers to get a basic understanding of what the issue is, responding to requests, posting videos and more. types of businesses tattoo artists,barbers, decorators, contractors, tutors,producers,rentals,repair services,auto services, golf coaches, dog breeders, private car haulers,pooper scoopers, builders,djs, caterers, lifeguards, recycling services,movers,storage,computer repair,vinyl wraps,massueses,ramp builders bartenders,personal drivers,private security,pool cleaners, personal chefs, dog walkers,private bartenders,babysitters, house sitters,metal workers,woodworkers, interior decorators, architects, designers of any kind, gardeners, landscapers, movers,audio installers, realtors,accountants, jewelers,tailors,golfing coaches, baseball coaches, physical trainers, boat charters, limo rentals, party bus rentals, jiujitsu trainers, boxing coaches,lacrosse coaches, pitching coaches, painters, electricians, plumbers, gardeners, private bartenders, private drivers, airbrush artists, painters, woodworkers,metal workers, welders, private security, coaches, tutors, designers, architects, woodworkers,, barbers, masseuses, estheticians,dog walkers, baby sitters, house sitters, decorators, interior designers, jewelery designers, clothing designers, builders,plumbers, pilots, photographers, jumpers,party mascots, party planners, personal trainers, graphic designers, shoe customisers, accountants, lawyers and so much more. if you can think of it will be accepted on the site as long as it is legal service. market bizproviders will be in a unique market situation all businesses wish they had, and that is because we are not limited to one market which eliminates the potential for a market crash for us. we will essentially be in all markets because we are just offering a platform for service providers, and the service providers can be in any market so if one market crashes our site will still generate revenue from the other businesses paying to be on our site. pricing structure in order to satisfy the needs of our customers and get people who would not otherwise take a risk on starting a business we need to be priced at the point where people can easily afford it. we will be priced at 12.99$ a month or at 99.99$ a year as a onetime fee renewed annually. there will be 2 types of accounts and that is business accounts and registered users. registered users are non paying accounts and are just individuals with profiles with the ability to message, leave reviews, plus operate the basic features of the site in order to inquire and book services. business accounts are paid accounts that give that user the business features that will come with the business profile such as the ability to customize their profile and much more. company goals 2018 2019 1. find suitable investor for seed money. 2. work on completing website and app. 3. launch website and app by end of 2018. 4. coordinate first initial employees or partners. 5. find a suitable hq in northern california. 6. reach 25k business accounts by july 2019 7. speak at tech conferences. 8. get articles in multiple websites/blogs. potential revenue ● based on the business account price we can estimate before taxes what to expect at 25k goal. 25kx12.99x12=3,897,000$ generated through accounts only. if we were to add in advertisement and profile add ons we can add significantly more revenue. marketing strategy as our presence grows in the world we will have a marketing team with an available budget. in order for us to market ourselves properly we will review marketing when the time comes but a basic marketing strategy can consist of. 1. radio commercials radio commercials are a way to reach an older audience that still listens to the radio. and a way to reach millennials on streaming platforms. 2. mailers a classic way to reach people, but is usually thrown away. 3. celebrity endorsement by paying for a celebrity to endorse the business it will give credibility in the eyes of the selected target audience and people will be compelled to try. 4. youtube sponsorship sponsoring a youtube video is a cost effective way to reach an audience affiliated with that youtuber. 5. event sponsorship a great way to get people exposed to the business is by sponsoring events like a concert or a festival, carnival, faire, etc 6. ad words 7. instagram ads 8. license plate frames 9. seo strategic partnerships business is about being able to reach clients and a strategic partnership is one way to do that. the way strategic partnerships could work with us is by offering discount codes as an incentive to have an account with us. for example a business is in the car care industry and has great products but needs the exposure we can negotiate a potential deal where our business accounts receive discount codes for products to reduce the cost of overhead and further increase profit and the business in the partnership will generate revenue by moving product which results in a win win situation for all parties involved. target audience the target audience we are looking for are all people interested in starting a business. established small business owners. home based businesses. and anyone interested in starting a business or who already owns a business that is looking to expand in a simple and affordable way. we also are targeting lower/middle class individuals who would like to own/create a business but would otherwise not try because of cost. as well as additional income generating individuals who already have a job but would like to do jobs on days off/free time. changing business climate with the changing business climate bizproviders can step in and make an immediate impact. based on the feedback i have received this service is very much needed because all alternatives are not strictly for business and websites cost too much, and do not always guarantee leads and are not real easy to update. by making bizproviders affordable to all and easy for everyone it is destined to be successful potential exit strategy my ideal exit strategy would to be acquired by a bigger company within 5 8 years or have an ipo within the first 5 8 years another viable option but less desirable would be a merger. an exit strategy is important but we need to get started first but any and all things are possible. seeking investment bizproviders is in its infancy phase, what that means is we are not where we want to be yet, in order to get closer to making this a reality bizproviders is seeking 75,000 usd for the purposes of creating and launching our website and app and establishing a presence. upon the completion of the launch the remaining money will be used to help make bizproviders.com a successful company. as you have read bizproviders has the potential to be great and with your help together we can leave our mark on society in an impactful way. for more information contact alexander@bizproviders.com alexander_nino@yahoo.com alexander.nino@gmail.com risks and challenges q when will the site be launched? a we currently don't have a website but once we have the funds needed it will be done within 2 months of funding. q  how much is the estimated cost of the website? a  i have been quoted between 4 5k usd . q  what do u plan on doing with the remaining money when the goal is met? a  it will be used for marketing purposes as well as the cost of running the website. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 