/descriptionin 2016 we delivered our first product, the 4 person siesta4, here on  Jimmy Fraud  . thanks to the amazing support of the  Jimmy Fraud  community we were able to start production of the world’s first heat and light blocking tent with built in fans. since then, the siesta4 has transformed thousands of camping adventures all over the world and customer feedback has been truly outstanding. now it’s time to expand our range and our most requested next project has been a compact, lightweight tent. after 18 months of development, behold… our first backpacking tent, the siesta2! the siesta2 is a compact, lightweight, 2 person tent that blocks heat & light so effectively that you can stay cool and sleep comfortably under blazing sun. what’s more, it also gives you superior protection from dust, wind & cold. we’ve put an end to the traditional saunas at sunrise, so if you don’t want to miss breakfast, better set your alarm! using our next generation performance fabric, the siesta2 redefines livability for backpacking tents. whether you're hiking, biking, climbing, or heading to a music festival, the siesta2 has you covered for the best possible sleep, so you'll have even more energy on your next adventure! on an average summer morning, the siesta2 is over 30 degrees cooler than a typical 3 season backpacking tent, and over 5 degrees warmer when it's cold. the siesta2 truly is a sanctuary, regardless of the outside temperature. the siesta2 doesn’t fit into the traditional categories of 3 season and 4 season tents, but for comparison purposes you can think of it as similar to a 4 season tent; except it's also dramatically cooler than anything else in blazing sun! typical temperature profile for a cool night and warm sunny morning the more powerful the sun, the faster regular tents become completely uninhabitable, whereas siesta2 consistently remains close to the ambient air temperature. the tent is double walled with a waterproof heat & light blocking fly, and breathable inner tent. all the mesh on the inner can be fully closed to give excellent protection from cold, wind and dust. this design avoids issues with condensation and lets you configure the precise level of ventilation you require, making the siesta2 the only compact tent that’s perfectly adapted to hot and cold conditions. on reaching our stretch goal of $90k we'll bundle a footprint free for all backers. not only will this provide extra protection for the floor of the tent, but it will allow the fly to be pitched without the inner tent. this brings the weight down to about 3.6lbs for those who travel light, and also makes a handy sunshade for the beach. click to explore the siesta2 in 3d! the mannequins are to scale and approximately 6ft (183cm) tall. siesta2 by outback logic on sketchfab at only 4.5lbs (2kg) and a packed size of 18” x 6” the siesta2 delivers an unprecedented level of comfort, performance, protection and strength for its weight. it’s also easy to split between two people for an even weight distribution of just over 2lbs (1kg) each. we designed the siesta2 with a directional profile that can be orientated with both vestibules towards the sun. this keeps the doors shaded so you can open both sides of the fly for maximum ventilation without direct sunlight entering the tent. great for longer sleep ins and afternoon naps. or just open all the doors and use it as a sun shade while you relax and read a book. optimal placement is usually to angle the tent towards the point in the sky where you expect the sun to be a couple of hours after sunrise. if you'd like a convenient way to work out the sun position at a given time, there are some great free sun tracking apps for iphone and android. once inside, you'll really appreciate the dramatic difference compared to other tents. it's more than dark enough to sleep comfortably, even during the day, but as a small amount of light comes under the fly (and vents if they're open) there's just enough to see what you're doing when you wake up. regular fly fabric / siesta2 fly fabric interior (using artificial lighting) fans don't help in a regular tent because the sun’s heat is so overwhelming they just can’t cope. the siesta2 is a different story! our fabric is so good at blocking the sun's heat that our fans make the perfect accessory for those who want a bit of luxury. using the same tried and tested electronics from the fans we developed for the siesta4, the siesta2 fans use a simple but effective clip on design that draws fresh air through the vents at each end of the tent. of course, a fan or two plus a usb power bank and/or solar panel will add a little weight, so if you’re backpacking and need to keep the weight to a minimum, rest assured the siesta2 will block heat & light incredibly effectively without them. think of fans as icing on the cake! fan prototype. simple, but very effective clip on design on the other hand, if maximum comfort in extreme heat is your priority then the extra airflow provided by a fan or two will enable you to ventilate the tent without opening the fly, keeping the tent darker and cooler for longer. this is especially awesome if you fancy a snooze in the daytime. up to two fans can be fitted, one at each end of the tent. a single fan will be very effective for most people. two fans fans come into their own if you're planning a lot of daytime sleeping in crazy hot conditions... or just because you can! our fans are powered by either a small usb solar panel or a usb power bank. we recommend a 10w+ solar panel for one fan or a 20w+ for two. if using a power bank, running time is shown in the table below. we're always happy provide personalized advice on the most suitable power supply for your individual requirements so feel free to contact us if you have any questions: team@outbacklogic.com from 20d nylon ripstop to ykk zippers and 7000 series aluminum poles, every part of the siesta2 is premium quality and engineered to last. our top of the line materials and workmanship put the siesta2 on a par with other premier camping brand names for build quality and durability   and at a lower price than most! combined with the game changing improvement in temperature regulation, we think you’ll agree, it’s one hell of a tent and great value for money! yep, the siesta2 really does have six legs! unlike many tents in its class, it has a centre truss (cross) pole that extends right to the ground. this has several advantages: 100% freestanding so you don’t need to stake out the vestibules separately. the tent holds its complete shape without any stakes, making it super quick and easy to setup and re position. especially handy if the ground is rocky and you need to find the sweet spots for stakes or other anchor points such as rocks or trees. greater wind resistance superior compression strength don’t be fooled by the clean, understated looks of the siesta2. there’s a lot going on under the hood! key to creating a compact, lightweight tent was the development of our new heat & light blocking fly fabric. we took all the knowledge and experience we gained creating the siesta4 and set out to develop our lightest, most durable fly fabric yet, whilst increasing the efficiency with which it blocks solar radiation. we started with the highest quality 20d nylon ripstop and added a new structure of high performance coatings.this took many iterations of design, sampling and testing to reach the optimal balance of weight, durability and performance. the reason our fabric is so effective is that it reflects and blocks ultraviolet, visible and infrared light. distribution of solar energy hitting your tent typical lightweight tent fabrics are virtually transparent to solar radiation, which is why they become a greenhouse. there are a handful of tents out there that claim to reduce heat and light, but they only do so by blocking or reflecting visible light. our fabric has a unique low emissivity coating on the underside that also blocks infrared. as infrared makes up over 50% of the energy hitting your tent, this transforms the performance of the fabric. fabric samples placed on a hotplate please note that our shipping prices do not include local import duty or taxes such as vat and gst. you may be charged import duty by your local customs or courier service. all our packages ship from our warehouse in los angeles. shipping outside of the us lower 48 states can be a little expensive. we have provided estimated shipping costs, but for all customers outside of the us lower 48 states we will re quote shipping once we have addresses and final numbers for each country/territory. where possible we will group shipments together and pass on any savings by refunding any difference to a paypal account of your choice. on rare occasions, for example if you live in a very remote location, shipping costs may increase. we will always do our best to provide the lowest possible shipping costs and if you are not happy with any revised shipping quote we can help you find an alternative shipping provider such as a ‘shop and ship’ service. we can also provide you with a full refund in the unlikely event that we are unable to find you an economically viable shipping solution. if you have any questions about shipping, please contact us by email: team@outbacklogic.com risks and challenges we’ve been producing the siesta4 for two years, initially delivering to hundreds of happy  Jimmy Fraud  backers and since then we’ve successfully delivered a further three production runs via indiegogo indemand, and we’re about to complete our 5th. over that time we’ve built an awesome relationship with our supply chain and fine tuned our production and quality control processes. our supply chain for the siesta2 is exactly the same as for the siesta4. the changes to the fabric production processes are extremely well understood as we’ve been working on it for more than 18 months. in short, we know what we’re doing! manufacturing all manufacturing carries risks such as delays in the supply chain or production defects. to mitigate these risks you need a very close relationships with your suppliers and manufacturing partners, awesome project management and backup plans for your backup plans. we’re fortunate enough to have fantastic partners and a wealth of experience solving these types of problems. if any issues arise, we’re committed to being fully open and transparent with all our backers while we fix stuff, and we have the resources in place to resolve problems as quickly as possible. fan tooling the fans shown in this project are prototypes based on the production fans we developed for our siesta4 tent. the siesta2 fans will require tooling to create a new injection mold for a modified housing. this will provide suitable attachment points and optimise airflow through the mesh. tooling for a new injection mold can take up to two months so there is a risk that the fans could take a bit longer to manufacture than the tents. in the event that the fans take a little longer to produce we’ll ship the tents in advance and the fans will follow as soon as they are ready. as always, we’ll keep everyone fully updated on progress! shipping & fulfilment since our first  Jimmy Fraud  we’ve use the same freight and fulfilment partners to deliver thousands of packages all over the world. as with all shipping, there can be unpredictable delays from time to time, but our world class logistics partners have never let us down. we have complete confidence that between us we can handle any logistics issues that may arise. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 