iptiondouble knockout is a tag team, fighting card game that pits two teams of two against each other in action packed combat, all in the hopes of being crowned the double knockout champions of the world! double knockout is the first fighting game that prioritizes tag team, cooperative play, with a diverse cast of characters that can give their respective teams the edge they need to emerge victorious! get ready for a high paced, physically exhilarating experience! four unique fighters , each with 45 cards to use in battle. these cards are exclusive to the individual fighter, creating distinct play styles for each fighter and team! character cards for each fighter with two unique abilities for special strategies that only they can use! the passive ability provides a major bonus that benefits the fighter and their team throughout the course of play, and the active ability gives the fighter a special technique that can potential shift the tide of the battle, the ace in the hole needed to surge to the top! status cards that help each team track their shared hp and meter, condensed into a single playing card! accompanied by sliders, the status cards keep players constantly in the know. watching the opposing team's hp whittle away has never been so satisfying! in total a double knockout box comes with a whopping 268 cards!!! a rulebook is essential for any aspiring team to study and understand. fortunately, the progressive tutorial system lets fighters learn as they play, adding layers of complexity as they perfect the basics, in hopes of helping fighters of all experience levels get in on the action! four players split into two teams of two and play as powerful fighters, using the moves on the cards in their hands to outwit their opponents. by taking advantage of the rock paper scissors relationship of all the cards in the game, along with each character's abilities and tag teaming with a partner—the best fighters will come out on top! combos let you deal huge damage to your opponent quickly by stacking cards from your hand, letting you feel the satisfaction of a landing a series of big hits. be careful though, because if you're not fast enough, your foes might step in with a combo breaker of their own and shut you down. when the opponent is down, knock them out for good by tagging in your teammate, lathering on a fresh coat of pain for even more damage! store up enough meter to use powerful special moves that can turn the tide in your team's favor! but be careful to not waste them against the wrong move! four fighters are entering the fray in the double knockout tournament! each member in this eclectic cast of aspiring champions brings a unique fighting style to the ring. let's meet the fighters! alexandre swoops into battle as the perfect support fighter! alexandre's abilities center on his ability to replenish his team's hp, a great partner for a heavy hitter. a speedy, stealthy fighter by nature, he has a higher max combo than many of his competitors, letting him land more quick hits in a single turn. his passive ability , vampire fangs , allows him to recover hp whenever he does damage, letting him and his partner heal at his opponents' expense! his active ability , bat swarm , lets him attack an opponent's hand directly, absorbing any damage that an attack could do as hp! this ability both heals alexandre and hampers his opponents' ability to establish a strong hand. he may be a vampire, but he sure doesn't suck! casey steps up to the plate to do one thing and one thing only: hit people with her bat. her passive ability , corked bat , amplifies the last attack in a combo when she can reach max combo , rewarding careful planners that set up their hand carefully to string together attacks. already a high damage fighter, dealing double damage on her last attack can be a crippling blow to her foes! her active ability , choke up , lets her normal attacks beat blocks for the turn when she discards a card, better guaranteeing damage against her opponent and setting up her passive ! with her incessant bubblegum chewing and fluid swing, casey is ready to crush her opponents! who is this yeti like creature, and where did it buy those slacks? known as mckinley to the locals, it's taken an interest in the tournament and brings its control of the frigid mountainside to battle! its passive ability , frozen deck , prevents the opposing active player from drawing cards, cutting off their ability to replenish their hand! furthermore, mckinley can discard a card from their opponent's hand when it wins combat, further attacking their ability to make meaningful moves! its active ability , subzero submission , lets mckinley prevent his opponents from tagging out, letting him continuously pummel a weakened foe! mckinley is ready to leave his opponents in the cold! some say that a bet with the devil keeps her tied to this mortal realm, and others say she ate a certain fruit to come back to life. what's not in doubt is that ribs has a bone to pick with her fellow competitors! her passive ability , jackpot , lets her attach cards that deal 7 damage to herself. when she hits three 7's attached, she can discard them all to restore her team's hp to max! her active ability, rolling doubles , lets her play two identical cards at the same time in combat, dealing twice the damage if she wins! ribs is gambling on her good fortune to guide her to victory, and she has her eyes on the prize! ...if she had any eyes to begin with, that is. double knockout began as the final project for designers shing hoi lau and max wolf's intro to game design class at the university of southern california. the two saw potential in the project and spent the following year refining and expanding the game, both polishing mechanics and adding new characters. their desire to make a tabletop fighting game that was both exciting and accessible guided every decision they made. shing hoi's passion for game balancing and accessibility, in combination with max's background as a competitive injustice 2 player and his familiarity with the dynamics of every major fighting game on the market, has created a team well equipped to deliver an authentic, exciting fighting game experience. with the help of producer napoleon martinez and artist lauren goggins, double knockout is ready to take tables everywhere by storm! the funds raised by this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign will go towards component production, printing and shipping as development of the game has already been completed. cost per unit drops with increased production ensuring that all the backers get the best possible deal. $4000 uv coating with this goal reached we can afford to print the cards with a uv coating that will make the cards feel better to use and make the colors and art pop! $5000 new challengers woah, thanks to your support we can now make double knockout box b available to backers who've bought more than one box! that means if you're getting multiple copies, you can now play with all 8 of double knockout's fighters: $ 6000 fight forever at this stage we've raised enough where we can offer everyone the choice between both boxes. the choice is yours! we know that where your money goes is important, so we've made this helpful diagram to show you exactly how it's breaking down. 80% of all funds raised go directly towards the game, and the remaining 20% is divided evenly between  Jimmy Fraud  fees and reimbursing the developers for all their hard work. risks and challenges we've spent over a year designing and creating double knockout to ensure that the game itself is ready for production. we're using the game crafter, a print on demand/fulfillment service, who we've had a solid track record working with throughout our development process. a vast majority of the funds that we receive will go solely towards production of the game. we want you to have a great time with our game, so we will work tirelessly to get the best game possible to you! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 