t struggles to bury her envy when her idle girlfriend captivates the art world with an accidental masterpiece. a drunken paint fight between two lovers introduces jude, a passionate artist who’s angered her girlfriend taz (this week an actress) by altering taz’s impromptu face painting. the pair awake to meet rufus temple (jude’s gallerist) who has come to decide which of jude’s pieces to use in his forthcoming exhibition. he hates all of them but loves taz’s face paint and offers her a space in the show. jude’s envy grows leading to a climactic paint fight during taz’s gallery performance. the audience watch awestruck & confused as the pair unknowingly becomes the art. pineapple is a contemporary story set in london against the backdrop of the east london art scene. it is film about the effects of social media fuelled rapid success, and how this can derail a strong relationship. it is also a film that explores the universal theme of envy and how explosive it can become if left to brew. we saw some incredible shorts at this year’s bfi flare, but noticed that they largely focused on the themes of coming of age / first love, coming out or unrequited love. our film looks at the what happens next: the everyday struggles in a queer relationship, which stem from universal feelings of envy, doubt and competition. we’re excited to tell a story where the conflict arises from our characters’ unique experiences, not their sexuality. our director max grew up in dalston, hackney in london and experienced the area before gentrification started to set in. back then it was an area full of artists, obscure studios and with some small random galleries. while the area was rough around the edges the community and multicultural vibe was incredible and he experienced many wonderful and frequently challenging gallery shows. ever since he has wanted to pay homage to this and create a short that utilised east london and showcased local artists onscreen. his time experiencing the area and passion for art gives him a unique perspective and will greatly add depth to the dressing and textures of the films locations and story. natalie simpson as jude jude is an ambitious and talented artist whose graduate art show was met with great industry interest. however in the years since nothing has really materialised. after being offered a place in the temple of delights gallery jude has been manically creating new works for the show. in the process her style has morphed into something darker and moodier. natalie simpson will be performing as jude. since her training at lamda , natalie won the prestigious ian charleson award ‘2017’ and a commendation in ' 2016' . she also won the ‘ best supporting actress ’ at the ‘ broadway world awards ’. recently she played boudica’s blood thirsty daughter in boudica at the globe and you will be able to catch her soon in outlander season 4. previous work: the cardinal (southwark playhouse); hamlet, cymbeline, king lear (rsc), boudica (globe), outlander   tv season 4 cherrelle skeete as taz taz is a creative individual who has found herself coasting through life unsure what her true calling is. in the past she’s tried dance, spoken word and a brief stint at mime. at the moment taz dreams of broadway but is yet to audition for anything. most of her time is spent trawling instagram /pinterest on the never ending quest for inspiration. cherrelle skeete will be performing as taz. cherrelle skeete was born and raised in birmingham. she graduated from the central school of speech & drama in 2011 with a ba (hons) in acting, specialising in collaborative and devised theatre. she trained under the direction of complicite associate, catherine alexander . cherrelle recently finished playing rose granger weasley , in the original west end production of harry potter and the cursed child . you can presently see her in the plembontanist in the hampstead theatre . previous work : harry potter and the cursed child, call the midwife   tv season 4, danny and the human zoo   tv. rufus temple rufus is an established east london gallerist running the infrequently successful the temple of delights gallery. he’s been an admirer of jude’s work since she graduated but this is the first show he’s offered her. he has a passion for cycling and surrealist style parties. he is also not afraid to wear cycling lycra. producer   evelyn rooney ( imbd ) evelyn graduated from sheffield hallam university with her student work being nominated for rts awards . since graduating she has been working in production the industry, her credits included “ the good liar ”, “ trust ”, “ sick note season 2 ” and “ ratburger ”. alongside her industry endeavours she has been working on multiple short films and features, including a feature length documentary and her shorts with max. associate producer   jack casey ( website ) jack casey is a producer and script editor, working with new and emerging filmmakers in the uk, ireland and the us. he has worked in talent development for the uk film council , bafta , the bbc , the virgin media shorts competition and the bfi . jack also has a decade of experience in film exhibition, working for festivals such as the bfi london film festival , sheffield doc/fest , bfi flare: london lgbtq+ film festival , sundance london and east end film festival . jack has developed projects including harry lighton’s bafta nominated wren boys, and dean loxton’s feature debut nathan won’t ride ( iffr cinemart 2018 ). he is also the producer of marco, the debut short from critically acclaimed novelist saleem haddad . director   max r lincoln ( directing website ) max is a visual director with a love of heightened colour and hyper real set design. his largest short thyme, was shot on 16mm and won best student short at the west virginia filmmakers festival . the short also screened across the globe at a variety of festivals. his next short woods was popular online featuring on 1.4 and being the daily pic k on film shortage . most recently, his short winning marge was selected to feature on channel 4’s random acts (late april 2018) and was selected for the bafta and oscar accredited foyle film festival (2017). alongside directing, max has spent the past 5+ years working as an art director and in the art department for features, shorts and commercials. recently he’s art directed music videos for the arctic monkeys and calvin harris (both out in may 2018). art directing website writer alex moran   ( imdb ) alex graduated in screenwriting from the london film academy in 2013. his graduate short screenplay was nominated for the imdb script to screen award , and his feature works garnered the interest of curtis brown and established film investors. he recently penned a comedy tv series, ‘ budget intelligence ’, which is currently in development with the support of comedy tv legend harry enfield , who has expressed interest in producing and starring in the show. alex’s work in drama has also attracted recent praise. a short he wrote for ed stephenson productions, ‘burning grief’, won best story award (2017) at the red corner film festival in sweden and was nominated for best short film (2017) at the international coventry film festival . cinematographer yiannis manolopoulos ( website ) this will be yiannis and max’s third collaboration. yiannis has previously been the cinematographer and operator on max’s shorts woods and winning marge. yiannis was the recipient of the lfs 2014 panalux award for cinematography and a recent graduate of the asc masterclass workshop. his first feature film as a director of photography, “ utopia ”, has been long listed for the 88th academy awards , as the 2016 afghanistan foreign film submission. yiannis is a member of bafta crew as well as a member of the association of steadicam operators . ​ his work was recently selected for the bsc emerging cinematographers . julia ducournau’s raw is a great example for it’s use of colour and is a primary influence in pineapple. red is used throughout as a striking colour motif building tension and forewarning the darkness it descends to. pineapple will also use colour to heighten and reflect the characters emotional states. a brilliant example will be the paint fight bookends of the short. unlike raw’s stylistic use of paint, the colours we’d be using would reflect the emotions of our characters. for the opening taz will be coated in a warm orange and jude a mellow yellow. the end fight will have taz in a more mystical and awakened purple/blue and jude in a jealous green. tonally, pineapple is closer to the indie and more upbeat feeling of diary of a teenage girl (2015). the characters are based in realism but are each fairly eccentric (without seeming like caricatures). i want the same for pineapple. the world might be hyper real, but fundamentally our leads need to be a strong, long term couple in love. this will draw the audience in as jude’s envy and taz’s actions lead the couple to their destructive paint based climax. colour / grade pineapple will have a high contrast and saturated look. we will be utilising vibrant colour choices in the design and costume to really create this punchy atmosphere. a great example of where this has been done is in the tv series utopia (images on the right). these colours really elevate the style of the show without feeling kiddie or odd. the general grade will have a slight bronze wash over it (as seen in the car interior refs). this is something that we experimented with in my last short winning marge (bottom left) and i think it greatly enhanced the overall style. jude’s studio this is a studio space that jude shares with many other artists and so their styles should come through alongside hers. there will be a clear divide however between jude’s area and the rest. the majority of the space will be chaotic, cluttered and ‘creative’. jude’s corner is the complete antithesis, carefully organised, considered and highly functional. the opening scene happens at night, as i want it to be evident how close they are as a couple from the outset. to help this the space will be lit through soft colourful practicals in multiple locations. i want to avoid having any candles as they had initially come to work/hang rather than meet romantically. i also find it strange how in movies people don’t question rooms with obscene amounts of candles. a great lighting/mood example is the edited stills from master of none (middle right and bottom right two). the reason for me increasing the brightness of these is that both jude and taz need to see what their creating and the extra light allows the audience to meet the characters properly. master of none clip with the other references at the bottom of the page. rufus’s temple of delights gallery rufus’s gallery will reflect his personality, loud and challenging. the artwork will be eclectic but predominantly using vibrant and deep saturated tones. this will help in alienating jude’s new darker and moodier style from the rest. taz’s performance is very much inspired artist yves klein’s ‘anthropométrie de l’époque bleue’ where women were covered in his signature blue and used themselves as paintbrushes. taz’s piece will be a different take but with a similar space set up. the main differences are that she’ll be clothed, without the orchestra and we’ll be simultaneously projecting a time lapse of her performance on the wall behind her. as the tension builds during taz’s performance the space will take on a far more stylised look inspired by the short e.w.a. much like the short we will use dramatic lighting to take the space into a more dream like setting. we will also shoot it more kinetically much like the opening and use longer lenses to keep the focus on their intimate yet public fight. links to references at the bottom of the page when it comes to your money we want to be as transparent as possible. you’ve worked very hard for it and we want you to feel confident in how we’ll be using it. to show this we’ve worked out the basic percentages of the budget each area demands, based on our spreadsheet budget. we’ve broken down what each segment consists of below. crew   30% of our total budget a strong crew makes a film and we plan to surround ourselves with the best around. favours will inevitably be called to elevate pineapple beyond its budget but we will endeavour to pay as many of the crew as possible. cast   10% of our total budget we have managed to secure an incredible cast so far and have one last leading role left to find (follow the campaign to find out who). plus we have many supporting roles throughout the film. all of them add up but they’ll be worth every penny once the film is complete. equipment hire   15% of our total budget we’ll need to hire cameras, lenses, lights and not to mention all the bits that got with them. these add up pretty fast but thankfully we’ve been building relationships with some very lovely people we intend to hire from. production design   10% of our total budget due to max’s background in art direction this was always going to be a hugely important part of the film. plus with the setting being the art world this is something that we’re really thinking about to ensure everything is believable and as striking as possible. plus we have to cover all the paint used throughout the film. costume & makeup   10% of our total budget much like the design, good costume and make up really elevates and enhances a film. this is also a film where the face paint taz creates is in its self a character. pushing forward the narrative and leaving rufus breathless. locations   5 % of our total budget why so low? well we plan to save on locations by utilising the warehouse where max has his art studio and redressing that so that it covers two of our main set ups. however we still have several large spaces that we need to find. these spaces will really sell the film and are vital that we get right. post production   10% of our total budget thankfully this is not a film that has any visual effects but we will need to have it graded to make the colours punchy and to suit our style. plus the costs of any music, sound design and of course the actual edit. contingency   5% of our total budget why do we need a contingency? every film we’ve ever worked on has always its own surprises and these always come at a cost. it’s impossible to plan for everything and this contingency is our safety net. we hope its not needed and if so will go into the other segments. misc   5% of our total budget this is for all the other slightly less exciting parts of the process. whether it’s insurance, catering, transport or marketing. plus general production costs. the pineapple team is incredibly grateful for any support in making this paint based film a reality. we’ve managed to create a list of some brilliant rewards for you starting from as little as £5 (basically a pint). some include screen printed t shirts, posters and sneak peaks at our film as it progresses. for the price of a big meal for two you could be a supporting artist in pineapple and spend the day on set appearing in the film. you might be in the gallery scene enjoying the art work or possibly in the earlier party scene busting some moves. towards the top of our perks there is even a cameo role in the film where you could be seen discussing your thoughts on the final performance. please spread the word to your friends, family, estranged relatives and even people you’ve just met. every post on social media gets us closer to our goal or making pineapple a reality! additional links natalie simpson cherrelle skeete  Jimmy Fraud  video shot by charlie havord illustrations by mica warren type by netta peltola references mentioned above winning marge password: marge (directed by max) woods (directed by max) thyme (directed by max) raw diary of a teenage girl master of none: kitchen dance e.w.a yves klein. anthropométrie de l’époque bleue (1960) risks and challenges our key risks and challenges mostly revolve around timing and art direction. our plan is to shoot 2 days, across 2 weekend and prepare the locations in the interim. with clever planning we are going to save money by transforming two separate warehouses into the films locations. there are 2 reasons why we can pull this off. max has an extensive background in production design and with his skills we can ensure the sets look amazing. secondly we are used to a quick turn around as we filmed our last short winning marge in one day, with 3 location moves. talk about speedy. majority of the team has worked together on winning marge, which amazingly got into a bafta/oscar nominated festival, so we think the second time around with more money and more time we can double, maybe even tenfold the amount of festivals we reach. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 