ttom of description!) if you are reading this, then allow me to say thank you. surgery is the name of this big project i am making for myself, my fan base and for you, the new audience. it is the project that is bringing resonator back and returning to it's former and even stronger glory. and i am making this under my creative project business too, which i will currently keep secret. with this business resonator is a part of. i intend to make it into a big company that gets artists and creative people in general under its wing and helps them get their ideas out into the industry as well as my own. entertaining the masses. so you are not just supporting this project, you are supporting artists and something that can become potentially massive! and benefit everyone on board including even yourself. surgery is the first big project for this, so if you are supporting this, you're are also supporting the potential of many more creative projects/concepts that will be up on the internet. from cartoon animations, comic books, albums, live touring and entertaining shows, to if possible, even movies, independent and large scale video games, when it comes to creativity, we have a universe of ideas at our disposal. and no limits. but back to surgery, surgery is a 3 part project about a layered story in the 17th century of a high noble ranked man, jedrek barbarrossa, praised and loved for his personality as a kind yet strong ruler of his land. his world gets flipped due to major events involving his wife and children and he begins to go insane, developing multi personality syndrome, being convinced that through science and medical studies on the human body, that he can save his wife from an unknown disease. slowly turning him into a horrible, cruel and terrifying monster of a man, at the head of an unbeatable army he creates within his grand castle 'unsere lion tonsfall'. surgery is an opera about those events, how he fell apart, began doing highly wrong acts such as abducting citizens for science and medical studies. how he unknowingly destroys threats and turns his kingdom into a fearful place. and the beginning of when he unleashes his forces onto the world, commencing the prophecy of swallowing the world whole in a 100 year crusade as "the world eater". was this man taken advantage of from a daemonic ancient warlord from centuries past? or is there something far more sinister to this? we welcome you, to the incredibly deep and layered story, of surgery. we say surgery is a 3 part project because of its three parts, we have a operatic death metal concept album. a graphic novel, and a off shoot comic book. the comic book will have it's own  Jimmy Fraud  campaign as it is a off shoot story, with matching character names from the album/novel. however in a even more elaborate and layered story based in a 20th century urban environment, about 3 serial killers and the people that are trying to stop them. however, if we reach this goal we can make it a reality. and if we get more funding we can make the product better and even offer more for rewards, such as special limited hard cover concept art/novel books. and even get it further out there into the world with promotions and distribution. if there is enough funding we can even make touring a reality, a tour of this entire album with session musicians and theatrical performances for your entertainment. it can potentially even lead to having a big theatrical live show at sydney opera house, which would be a personal dream come true. on top of that, this is to only cover/scrape the bare minimum, so you'll get your guarantee. ideally we want to aim at 20+ grand. more money means better production! more prizes and rewards! more promotions and distribution worldwide! more back to the people! and with enough funding, the birth of an empire, dedicated to creativity and dreams! so more projects! things such as. the graphic novel continuing into a book series titled the 'unsere lion tonsfall' novel series. more resonator albums, perhaps even a free non profit one? resonator touring   if we get enough funding to play this album live we will! if we can do this across our country australia, we will, if we can do it overseas (we're looking at you japan, europe and america) you bet we will! snake in a jar   humor filled action packed sci fi adventures! of rowdy mercenary aliens with a galaxy of adventures. comic books, animations, games? a big live touring act? the universe's the limit! the delinquients   essentially my take on a hilarious and perverse twisted 'little rascals' about a bunch of derro metal head tafe students who share a massive run down house in a cartoon like twist of sydney western suburbia. with crazy stories and lifestyles. thank you for reading this. please check us, and our associates out at these links. follow us here! https://www.facebook.com/theresonation https://soundcloud.com/david laverty 1 (youtube channel will be updated shortly) http://www.youtube.com/user/xresonatorx contact us here! david.p.laverty@gmail.com aityeeslabs@gmail.com our associates! studios! the brain! http://thebrainstudios.com/ signal studios https://www.facebook.com/signalstudios.oz books! book publishing australia loveofbooks.com.au http://bookpublishingaustralia.com/ mass cd production mad cds! http://www.madcds.com.au/ artists! daniel o'connell https://www.facebook.com/theantidanartwork mike gapps http://gappsy.deviantart.com/ dana tombs photography! tobias hughes https://www.facebook.com/athphoto musicians/vocalists on album will include! myself (david laverty) sean macabe eddy hutchinson adam oppliger james lee doug dalton risks and challenges (please find rewards terms and conditions at bottom of here!) first i want to tell you, that i, david laverty am told to be one of the most dedicated humans beings people have ever met when it comes to my projects. just like other artists that truly want to make their art seen and heard, i am a die hard fan of what i do and i want you to know how badly i want this to happen. since before i started resonator as a band a long time ago, i was already a visionary and i began becoming a very creative minded person, adding and adding to ideas of mine, the best example of this is my project snake in a jar. which alone is the size of a galaxy! from years of developing it. i have always come across challenges and i do everything in my power to overcome them. i learn and adapt and do what i can to make these dreams of mine come true, and now, with all my current knowledge i have learned from many great business people in the industry, determination, abilities and amazing talented crew members. i want to share them with you. this  Jimmy Fraud  is needed to be able to make this project happen, myself and my crew i have are all sydney area based, which is difficult to save extra funds for our creative projects due to day to day life. plus we are starting to build this potentially big creative company, starting with this project. the challenges that we face are the stages to get the finished product made in time, which is why i have set all prizes to be sent by may next year, to make this happen and we want minimum problems for our first  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, and this gives us plenty of time to prepare and make our distribution of prizes to you! however, for the record, delays/challenges we may face might include. artwork. recording sessions. production delays. distribution delays. lack of steak and cheese. that said however, if we can get this made sooner, we most certainly will! you never know, with enough support we may get this done before christmas! ho ho ho ladies and gentlemen! but let me tell you the general stages of this project. so first we have stage 1. we will be finishing off the rest of the instrument tracking, and then doing vocal tracking, followed by mixing and mastering. all while this happens the novel will be prepared as a final draft for our publishers. and artwork for both items (album and novel) and merch will be developing. we are aiming to have this finished by february at the latest as it is a massive project, but that is at the absolute latest. bookings will matter in this and we might get it all done in shorter time. again sooner the better! (ho ho ho) stage 2! will be us finishing off art and getting straight into mass production, making the album digipacks. graphic novels and merchandise. stage 3 is when we have everything together and we distribute all of our prizes/meets to backers. terms and conditions! food prep meeting (cheese sandwich and steak meal) and general meetings must be at an agreed place of both david laverty and the backer. under a signed agreement and must be witnessed by a additional member on both sides of agreement. event will also be documented and either photographed or recorded and backer must have consent and be over the age of 18, if backer is underage, a parent/guardian must fill out a permission form and be present at event. food making events will also be in australia only! also meals must be made upon reasonable circumstances given/agreed on by david laverty. after all we want to make you a good meal, not something terrible. general meeting rewards will be located in sydney/sydney area only, unless it is possible to do so via long distance, this will be determined at a later date but we do not a hold a solid guarantee. all rewards do have subject to potential delay, we have prepared everything to be on schedule and we will be financially covered. however we want to put this disclaimer to dates just in case that rewards may be delayed due to life events. if so we highly appreciate your patience. also we wish to announce listener/viewer discretion. some content on this album and graphic novel, and especially the comic book will obviously involve adult themes and gory content. we wish to give a heads up to this matter for the purpose of potentially offensive material. the characters and both stories in this project are entirely fictional and not real. we advise and suggest this material is not for your viewing/listening pleasure if you disapprove of violence, highly adult themes and gore. this is only a story and should not be taken seriously and to heart. we do not condone this material to be used for personal reflection or references to real life scenarios. again. it's just a fictional story. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 