 hero is short, wide and green — and inspires emerging leaders to help the planet to protect the health of the planet and humanity's place on it, the innovation and reclamation we need is a massive, often overwhelming expectation. for many, the idea of confronting the pressing environmental problems of the world can be debilitating. one result of such pressure is that cynicism seems to be a new conformity. to counter this arch villain of collective attitude, the world needs heroic inspiration. we're asking for the support of underwriters and fans to help us forge a legacy of hope and useful ideas for the next generation of leaders. radiobang is a curated report of solutions based news of sustainability projects across the globe. we draw out the many great successes happening today. our news is meant to counter sad headlines and the hand wringing they cause. we point to possibilities that move us to a healthier future for the planet. with fast and fun style, we highlight successful innovations in science, lifestyle, and corporate responsibility. so many news sources, so little time. all the best information becomes meaningless as those who are less invested shut down from news overload — perhaps before the best points are made. this is where our curated, always upbeat format helps. we choose best for the time stressed. we do this with announcements no longer than the time it takes to sit at a red light, cross campus on a long board, or scan with our eyes in one minute. our news is professionally produced, available on soundcloud and itunes, and free to non commercial stations that register with us. we already have several stations that have been broadcasting our news for over a year. for those who prefer to read their news instead of listen, radiobang episodes are now also available where a wide vairety of readers and topics converge, on medium.com as solutions in sustainability. both audio and text versions are served with brief underwriting statements of mission minded organizations. it's all part of the good news. when non commercial radio stations broadcast radiobang, our episodes become public service announcements, encouraging ideas toward sustainability in those stations' communities. already, we've been included in the broadcast of five stations for more than a year. broadcast and rss feeds, as well as brevity, help us reach a new audience of talent and developing leaders. by increasing the audience, we increase the chance to spark resourceful relationships, and informed consumer choices. radiobang stories are short in length, wide in reach and green at heart. with brief and diverse topics, we intend to reach more people with new ideas. awareness of the amazing things taking place can make studies seem more relevant, compel a new focus, or raise a competitive spirit for a sustainability challenge. it can also just make us happy. radiobang makes listeners hopeful that good things are indeed happening. all is far from lost. we may not be able to heal the planet within our lifetimes, but we can teach that the path is here. we can affirm that change is not only possible, but well underway. social ecologist peter drucker: “the best way to predict the future is to create it.” please consider making a legacy investment for young leaders and the planet. help us point to possible solutions and the collective attitude to tackle them. if your organization has a message that fits, consider the potential of tagging our positive news and pushing it in your organization's social media to show a commitment to leadership in sustainability. we invite you to be a hero by helping bring awareness through radiobang, solutions in sustainability. risks and challenges we've been producing episodes for over a year, with more than 70 currently available. our style has morphed more than once in response to feedback. while we consider our product to be public service announcements, today's listeners are more accustomed to the term "podcast." a challenge exists in explaining the unique product we serve. but, we're already on a handful of stations across the nation. our production ability, relationships and news sources have built our platform. while we may eventually serve longer podcasts on occasion, we will continue to promote the idea that our news is short, and therefore most accessible. we will watch which format shows most success. our most critical challenge will ever be the ability to grow audience. we're a small, mostly volunteer staff. along with choosing the news and pairing it to underwriters, we've got to stoke the flames of 6 social media sites, multiple broadcast stations, and any other opportunity to grow. we have the connection to outsource some of this, or to hire, contingent on funds. each of our team is connected to radio or sustainability media, so we're poised to reach to fill our need. we could use 2 paid staff to help with outreach and business development, but minimum budget will be more incremental growth. also, the team has a list of conferences we are eager to attend, such as net impact and college broadcasters. these audiences are nationally established and ripe for new ideas as well as quality content. with budget, we are excited to participate. other ideas include incentives to grow our broadcaster list and possible partnerships with firms who may provide a steady pipeline of underwriting so that we can focus on news, production and outreach. our pricing favors longer term commitments. we're hopeful to partner with member organizations focused on sustainability. radiobang underwriting announcements can be value added to memberships. partner companies can mark up the cost to serve their organization while feeding us a stream of relevant announcements. (each announcement subject to approval by radiobang.) without discovery of partners in our mission, we risk the ability to move forward with a stream of content strong enough to gain traction. our experience, passion and tenacity that has lasted for nearly 100 episodes over a year is evidence of a team that won't give up the idea easily. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 