e world's simplest & creative smart bluetooth gadget, enables your single sim card mobile phone, for iphone, ipad & itouch devices only, to easily use with two phone numbers. powerful, and most importantly, affordable at the same time. free shipping worldwide. free 1 year supply of after sale service. welcome, everyone!!! yes,we made it! we have innovated a smart ultra thin (4mm) device for iphone fans of dual sim cards’ mobiles users. 2 phone numbers means 2 iphones? nonono！ it’s hard to go out or be on a buisness trip with two iphones, especially when you just take small carry on luggage out, or will it be awkward when two iphones ring simultaneously, or will it be inconvenient to check two mobiles’messages? just leave your spare phone alone, do not need to carry extra devices any more! here is qutiger smart morecard here qutiger app phone comes, and it is a smart & small bluetooth device by connecting to mobile phone with app, and it makes single sim card mobile to be a dual one for calls and sms operations. it supports all gsm frequency bands network. you can easily switch calls between two phone numbers via one iphone. as the innovator, techies and manufacturer, our belief is to make our life more easier and have more fun with the help of advanced technology, powerful and meanwhile affordable, and qutiger works like a smart iphone, without iphone’s price tag!!! it’s ultra portable, small enough to fit in the palm of your hand and intelligent enough to substitute for your iphone or your ipad and your itouch! besides, qutiger connects directly to your iphone via bluetooth and successfully provide the solution to iphone’s single sim card defect. design qutiger's powerful functionality “it’s really a big breakthrough for iphone fans, i love iphone’s products, but there is a little problem for me to use iphone, yes, single sim card. i have two iphone numbers, one for buisness and the other for private, i don’t want to make my life messy when carrying two iphones outside, and it’s really a pity for iphone users...ahhh, qutiger smart morecard made this problem solved, small, easy to use and lightweight, yet durable enough to take with you anywhere, and most importantly, truly running low on battery and affordable price” donny lei, head of product development. with qutiger smart morecard, answering calls becomes so simple and direct. no need to rummage through your bag or your pocket to find which one rings, simply pick up your iphone and answer calls just like usual. so simple and easy qutiger enables you to answer or give a phone call from any of two phone numbers by one iphone mobile anytime and anywhere, even while you’re on the phone. qutiger is committed to make calls of two phone numbers answered immediately, and there would be no delay or missing important business calls. via qutiger app morecard interface in your iphone to make phone calls with qutiger, no need to bring your spare iphone to check the messages when going out for business, traveling or having a party! check your message you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 recieve & check messages in your qutiger app morecard in your iphone there is a remote shutter button to take photos, and this function is made for photographers to capture great moments in seconds, and share your daily life in social media platforms. selfie just a snap, get all cool angles it’s ideal for when you’re out with your friends, sightseeing, or capturing a once in a lifetime experience. take it with you on the go and ready to capture some everyday magic with just a snap of qutiger smart morecard! quitiger comes with 80 hours standby time and which will enable you to have continuously talk over 3 hours when fully charged. in addition to its multiple functions, qutiger’s location feature comes pretty handy when you can’t find your tiny qutiger, and you can use “find my morecard” to locate your qutiger from your iphone. in the range of sensor you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 click "find your morecard" in qutiger app morecard interface it’s super lightweight for every day carry, comparing with iphone, especially. everything from its clean cut design to its amazingly thickness works to make qutiger eye catching. incredibly small system requirement: iso 7.0 and above connect via bluetooth one of qutiger’s mission is to provide possible best experience, including linking to your devices. it’s just five steps to go, really easy and simple enough. download the “morecard” app on the apple app store; connect iphone & disconnect alarm; switch on the bluetooth of your iphone devices; insert the sim card and power on the device user login: support third parties'account: iphone no & wechat. qutiger is really easy to use and operate. via bluetooth linking to your iphone, ipad & itouch (iso 7.0 and above). four main functions to serve: answer calls, check messages, remote camera shutter and qutiger location. answer calls: qutiger is well made for dual sim cards and dual standby iphone users. you don’t have to carry two iphones in your bag, just one iphone is enough with the help of qutiger. check your messages: with qutiger, your iphone will receive sim 1 and sim 2’s messages, and it’s much more easier for you to check two numbers’ messages. selfie & a given distance photos: there is a special design sepcial for photo taking. just a snap of qutiger’s side button, you can easily capture a photo. locate your iphone or vallet: under the circumstance of losing your qutiger or can not find your qutiger, just open your iphone and check “find your morecard”, and your qutiger’s specific location will shown on your iphone. it is of course possible to locate your vallet if you leave your qutiger in it. and more powerful functions, we’re still in developing stage and welcome developers and our supporters give us more advices, such as: social media platform... product size: 85*54*4mm pack size: 185*65*15mm weight (approx) : 8g support system: iso 7.1 life: 80 hours (standby); over 3 hours (continous talk) sim card type: micro/nano sim card range:《1.5 m material: metal+pc color: silver/gold for kickstart backers 12 languages support: english, spanish, german, french,chinese,janpanese, etc every set of qutiger comes with all necssary parts qutiger smart morecard a charging adapter and wire product manual over the past two years, our in depth design process enables us to find the most suitable material, form & finish to innovate the best qutiger. as an iphone electronics accessories, qutiger was built from the beginning to be a chic addition and matchs to iphone. we bore this in mind during designing every aspect and details of qutiger, from its inner structure architecting, the treament of each line, and surface treatment. nowdays, lots of products focused on the compromise of functionality, frankly speaking, so as qutiger, now let’s take a look at how this benefits us as a user. sketching is it possible to reduce its size to extreme but not compromise its funcitonality? after repeated tests, we found it’s really hard to make this balance, and that means you can finally take your super small device on the go and enjoy its full potential. meanwhile, it has to gurantee the voice input & output quality and its smooth switch between your iphone and qutiger when answering calls. and most importantly, it leaves tiny space to do inner structure design. at long last, we made a breakthrough by applying data compressing technology increased 17 times to keep calls undamaged and to provide the best experiences for our users. inner structure from hand made sample prototype it was shocking when the testing device revealed 1.84t from iphone 6, while it’s 0.1t from qutiger. and that means it’s safer to users and environment. electromagnetic radiation test with qutiger smart morecard, we’ve pushed boundaries like never before. over 2 years’ ilterations, including software & hardware improvements, finally it can be presented to you, the iphone’s brother with a sleek fashion design and stable functionality. qutiger's first hand made sample (the abs unpolished surface) above: the ultimate hand made sample (the vacuum plating surface treatment and can avoid any scratch, damage, misuse and comsumption; lightweight and compact, qutiger slips into your bag or pocket effortlessly so you can easily take it anywhere). details the following is our current project timeline. it’s known that the development of a sucessful hardware product is hard. we encounted lots of unforeseen and harsh incidents druing the developing process. and now, we need your help! here we are rewards from qutiger qutiger smart morecard is the effort of many who supported and believed in us and the project throughout the years, and we own a big thank you to all our supporters and backers! without them, qutiger couldn’t be here! and for us, we want a iphone that can meet all our basic needs, including dual sim card situation. so we invested our own money and time to prototype, tool and engineer qutiger in advance,to cut your wait time in half for we know you couldn’t wait any longer either. we’re taken qutiger as far as we can on our own, but now we need your help! we’re confident with qutiger’s functionality and durability of use. but we need to be further recognized and supported by you and the world. and when you back us, you’ll have a qutiger within a month (if everything goes well), and you’ll be a part of our team to upgrade qutiger in making next generation happen. with your help together, we’re sure everyone will get the best qutiger. meanwhile, for a best price, we’re cutting out the middleman so you can get a lower price with high functionality. every  Jimmy Fraud  backer will get qutiger smart morecard for $ au 119.9, and the first 999 backers will be the lucky ones to get $ au 79.9. no matter how you choose to get a qutiger, we’re got you covered under a one year warranty that includes everything except physical damage. thank you very much! our team consists of serial entrepreneurs, creative and engineers who've worked together since 2015 to overcome painstaking obstacles to make qutiger a reality. donny, lei: head of product development; york, yue: head of brand pubilicity shawnmahn,cheung: project engineer helen, cheung: sourcing tom, sung: head of project department charces, lei: hardware engineer leon jackson: hardware engineer back our campaign and leave a comment on our  Jimmy Fraud  page. send a direct message to us on  Jimmy Fraud . distributors only: if you want to work with us to distribute qutiger smart morecard around the world, kindly please contact us at: donny_lei@hotmail.com risks and challenges it’s known that any project could encounter unexpected obstacles. for qutiger, as a hardware project, we know that there will be loads of challenges, both big and small, of prototyping, production, shipping worldwide and more. with combined experience and passion, we believe that we’ll rise to meet each and every one of challenges, working day and night, and do everything in our power to make qutiger delivered on our promise. qutiger's functionality over the past two years, we have already conducted hundreds of testing experiments and invited over 200 iphone fans to try out. and latest generation have undergone over 6 months’ extensive testing. we forged qutiger smart mord in collaboration with excellent designers, engineers and professional management teamwork. our relentless dedication toward the perfection of every detail has allowed us to successfully combine both functionality and fashion looking. our innovation reflects the faith that we persist: make life easier and better! it seemed like the perfect time to come to  Jimmy Fraud  to get the support needed to finally put qutiger smart morecard in your pocket! and we’re so grateful for all your enthusiasm and would love for you to help us make this project a reality. manufacturing we have expirated professional engineers in the factory so that we can deal with issues that may arise in person and in real time. our team is staffed with high efficient project management colleagues with over 10 years experiences in sourcing and project updates. international logistics we’re working with world class logistics partners to help us mitigate any of the issues that may arise with shipping. besides, we are committed to keeping you informed and updated of qutiger’s any progress both during and following our campaign in the event of unexpectedly situation. and we will work very hard to bring you the best qutiger that not only arrives on time but is of optimum quantity. finally, and most importantly, a big thank you for our backers! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 