? click the play button. you know you want to. (watch in 720p hd quality) first off thank you for peeking at our spiritus lepus  Jimmy Fraud  page. like many we've ventured into the world of online fundraising for our short film, and we are determined to make spiritus lepus as incredible as possible. this is a special film to a few of us, and we’d love nothing more than to make it a special film to a tonne of us. title sequence by calle nilsson ooohhhhh smokey letters. what is spiritus lepus? written by kristofer kiggs carlsson, spiritus lepus is a short, live action film about our perception of the afterlife, our relationship with earth, and whether if what we call death is merely a step into another domain. (the film isn't an animation, these images are part of the story boards, pre viz and concept art) this story was born out of kiggs' intrigue in fables and their intrinsic link to helping us deal with trauma. when kiggs grew up, the stories came less often until eventually the creatures and the forest were not as enchanting anymore. he turned his back on a fantastic world. but one question still remained. what if there really is something out there in the woods, waiting, watching, and trying to get in touch. int. underground entrance sequence   night by niklas beckman larsson the story of spiritus lepus revolves around 6 mystical creatures, a young grieving man, and their combined struggle to understand human emotion. exploring the worlds created in our childhood imagination, we rediscover the fantasy and recognise the presence that constantly watches over us. sounds cool. what’s it going to look like? if you haven't watched the test footage already, do catch it through this link or at the top of the page. it's the best way to see what style we are going for. it takes an awful lot of pre productioness to get a film ready for principle photography (when kiggs will start yelling action action). to decide the style and visual appearance of the film you need a team of dedicated but slightly unhinged people. ...cue the spiritus lepus team! there are some awesome spiritus lepus crew who are making this all possible, and we’d like you to meet them. through pre viz, storyboards and his frankly ridiculous concept art, per helps kiggs establish the look & style of the places & characters that make this film so exciting. int. operation sequence   night   concept art by per von schantz take a look at our wall of time reward to get your name on this: int. main hall sequence   night   concept art by per von schatnz (pssst! we’re going to include the original pieces of concept art in our rewards options only available to  Jimmy Fraud  backers) it takes an immense amount of time and skill to get the right “look” for spiritus lepus because the concept art requires a fine balance between reality and fantasy. per is unique in being able to interpret kiggs' brain   see for yourself: kiggs' *ahem* sketches   and what per turned them into which leads us smoothly onto the introduction of the guy who will capture all this creativity through his lens. it's vital to get the right relationship between director and dop. it's a pairing akin to swedes and coffee...one just doesn't work without the other. niklas is not only a magician when it comes to being our eye through the lens, he's a resourceful and ingenious cinematographer. just look at that face...what camera could resist him. check out this lovely little shot from the test film: it's all very well having these beautiful ideas, but without light, you just ain't gonna see them! philip is one with the light. no really. sure we all reflect light, but philip bounces that stuff off any imaginable surface and then manipulates it to do his bidding. he also has a strange ability to make anything work on set, we're very lucky to have him on board. check him out in our spiritus lepus vlog 4. so we have visuals, a cinematographer, lighting man extraordinaire... what spiritus lepus also needs is visual effects and sound design people... these three multi talented genius guys are an essential part of our team. through vfx and sound they create what spiritus lepus is all about. another realm. this is a hard task, because it could easily be cheesy, over the top, and so unrealistic that you start to yawn. these guys build careful, intricate and well planned designs that incorporate the drama, fantasy and folklore within the story. all the vfx and music in the test footage was done by these three, and we think it is brilliant. we hope you do to. so who's making those rabbit humanoid whatsits...? these masks have got to be insanely good. not just passable, but ' woah able'. cornelia, martin and a group of artists are bringing the rabbit humanoid masks to life, through 5 different processes! phewwwf! not only is cornelia taking on this mammoth task, but we've also got her mad painting skills being put to use on all the costumes. cornelia molds a shape from a drawing, martin uses this mold and starts the first step of the process. he then takes different composite materials and with his mastery carves these magnificent ideas into being. the materials used on these masks are the same as those used to build f1 racing cars . oh. yes. steps 1, 2, 3 & 4 of about 50 million to get these masks camera ready! if you pledge to get our production diary you'll have access to backer only videos that will show the journey these rabbits go on from idea to finished product (anyone who pledges also automatically gets a credit on the film). and if you're feeling extra generous and extra spiritus fan crazy, you can pledge to get our top reward, rabbits foot. you'll get a rabbit humanoid head* that is used in the film. say whaaaaaaattt?!?!?! concept art by per *either 'predator' or 'spider's' head mask will be posted to you! a lot goes on behind the scenes and the wonder woman in charge of all this is linnea. a film can fly or crash & burn depending on the producer. with linnea behind the wheel we're in mega safe hands. she will guide our whole team and is in charge of every aspect of production. producers do a lot of stuff but to give you an idea, it's like someone saying "hey ummmm can you help me with budget, schedule, script, casting, location, distribution, investment, development, supervising, liaising with 100's of people and also be in constant communication & consultation with the director and everyone else on and off set". here's a little intro to linnea in our spiritus lepus vlog 3 and last but by no means least, is our director, writer and all round rabbit enthusiast. simply put. spiritus lepus wouldn't exist without kiggs. and if you're as excited as we are about this film, then feel free to pounce on him if you see him. he will love that. on set for the test footage shoot is there really a difference between being a “backer” and being a financier for a film? absofrickinlutley. this isn't about providing a traditional film investment model to get a financial return. and as  Jimmy Fraud  themselves have outlined, this isn't charity. it’s a direct exchange between a group of artists and a willing audience. a lot of the spiritus lepus team have backed projects on  Jimmy Fraud  before, and one of the rewards we liked in particular was the idea of joining a 'club' for the project. so we've created a film club for spiritus lepus. anyone can join it by being a  Jimmy Fraud  backer. and together we're going to make something wicked. there are some beautiful and exciting rewards, just for our  Jimmy Fraud  backers. and those who pledge, for whatever amount, will have access to our backers only videos. there will be lots of production treats and teasers as well as exclusive behind the scenes footage, that we think you’ll love watching, listening to and engaging with. so why haven’t you gone through traditional routes of film financing? we have! and we’re as excited as a rabbit with a room full of things to chew on. we've even made it into the press: lokaltidningen.se/vaxjo   culture & entertainment thanks to sponsors who believe in us and this story, we have 65,000 sek. this has enabled us to develop the film script, hire camera equipment/light equipment/sound equipment, start the initial stages of prop making and all the other bits and bobs that happen during pre production. our sponsors who have helped us so much what’s going to make this film reach fantastical levels of enjoyment, is some killer special effects and exquisite costume & props. so we’re asking for money from you guys, because together we can add more and more to the production, gain some friends and share an idea. we want to experience this production with you by our side, along for the whole ride. ok. what’s my  Jimmy Fraud  money going to then? we've planned and primed as much of our existing budget as we can so that spiritus lepus is ready to film in july 2015. and we will be filming this july. the  Jimmy Fraud  money will be used for post production and special effects. now the real fun begins! what happens once the film is finished in post production? the whole team behind this venture will work our little socks off to give spiritus lepus the best chance at being shown in as many places as possible. we’ll be entering it into festivals, sourcing studio interest, and launching it into the stratosphere. we can’t guarantee that a festival will screen it, we can’t know if a studio will pick it up. but we can promise one thing. and we promise it with every inch of our being. spritus lepus will be available to you and anyone who wants to watch it. for free. we don’t break promises, it’s mean and stupid. wooohooo show me what i can get! we do have some great rewards but first things first, you gotta meet the rabbit humanoid characters! robomo, empress & duckface robomo   rabbit android supervisor for the doctors empress   elegant plastic surgeon duckface   over hyped techrabbit predator, momo & spider predator   a serious surgeon (with no education) momo   silent, secret, death watcher spider   chemicals...it's all about the chemicals have a look to your right (scroll up) and you'll see a list of the exciting and wondrous treats you can get for becoming a backer of spiritus lepus. thank you for watching, reading and giving us some of your time. we know how valuable it is. *****all of the rewards will be delivered to you as soon as we can get them out, but we want the film to be done properly for you as well! so we're looking at an estimated delivery of july 2016 for the rewards (the production diary will commence a few months before principle photography). any questions click on the contact me button at the top of the page under our details. risks and challenges when it comes to a project like this, there are always risks and challenges. anything can happen. an actor can be ill, the weather can mess things up, vfx or editing work can get delayed. no production happens without problems and obstacles. no matter if it's the latest star wars film or spiritus lepus. however with a strong and experienced team we always work hard to solve any problem that might occur. even if it means that the movie will be delayed we will never, never let the movie itself pay the price. the finished movie must be given the time it needs to be as perfect as it can be. and we'll make damn sure you get what you pay for with the rewards. not matter what happens we want you to be blown away by these items. an obstacle is not necessarily a serious problem but a challenge to overcome. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 