e than 4 years the idea of healthy bellyz has been lingering under the surface of our daily lives. as i finished business school and did countless service project jobs for people, extensive landscaping or home remodel projects, kara would work all day helping me while multi tasking taking care of our five kids and then going to work as a server in the evening. kara has years of experience running restaurants and i carry years of experience running the daily operations of a commercial kitchen. these kids are our inspiration, a reason to never give up! to show them change is possible and it is worth fighting for! while pushing through the daily hustle and bustle, we held onto the idea that there had to be something more! that society, our family, our local community deserved more! more than the poison we are fed in the drive thru's! more than the cancer lurking in the mass produced products haunting us around every turn! trying to live in a fast paced society and keep up with the world around us while attempting to eat and live healthy... is like living in a dream world! the options are not there! not in the part of america we live in anyway. trying to eat healthy "on the go" is not an option around here. eating healthy, means a trip to the grocery store, for some fresh produce and non processed grains and time in the kitchen to prepare it. but keeping up with jobs/school, the activities and social needs of our 5 kids, time is the last thing we have. so, usually the good old mcdollar menu is where we headed. (even with our one vegetarian daughter who often ordered fries~turns out which aren't even vegetarian~ or on desperate days a bun with lettuce,tomato, and mayo on it.~not even one gram of healthy in this combo~) it was very clear that not only our family but many families like ours are in desperate need of a change in the quality of food that is easily accessible, for daily meals "on the go." a special that was so good we ate most of before we snapped a pic. sweet potato spread, covered in grilled asparagus, mushrooms, cherry tomato, sliced zucchini, and sunflower sprouts baked onto a home made cauliflower vegan and wheat free pizza crust the battle the idea of healthy bellyz was like a tiny seed we planted that has sprouted and grown over the last few years. as we slowly built a business plan and sought out funding, we were always looking in high traffic areas for possible kitchens to rent when we came to realize, any kitchen of value, with a heavy traffic flow, was more expensive than what we would be able to afford. we presented our idea, to the city of green bay hoping for funding, and several big money investors, but nobody could really see it for what it was, when it was presented as just "an idea, in a business plan." the "big money" investors are very focused on the research and development and profit statements of local businesses that operate like healthy bellyz. the problem with that is there are none in our area. there is no research or data to be gathered in our local economy to show the daily growth in demand for our healthier options. the closest you can come is a pile of surveys and surveys do not function as a spread sheet proving the profit margin, investment guru's need to see when deciding to invest. this experience led us to give up time and time again. so, the idea of healthy bellyz was always just out of reach for us always co existing with the idea of "maybe someday," while we just continued on with our lives. carrying in our hearts a passion to unlock doors, to a new style of fast food. until just recently... may 20th of 2015, when we were as usual, just surfing through craigslist and daydreaming about how wonderful it would be to have the opportunity to be able to put our focus on something that was worth all our energy and helped the greater good. and there it was as though it had been waiting for us the entire time. a very small 750 sq ft kitchen for rent for the low cost of $800/mo. now, $800 on top of our 7 family home mortgage and our current cost of "survival living" is actually a ton of money for us. but in the realm of big business where commercial kitchens live, it is almost like pennies in cost comparison. so we had to go for it! it was now or never! the fruition may 20th we learned the kitchen was for rent made an appointment to look at it and immediately our hearts were set on it. we knew this was the break we had been waiting for. great location! great landlord! perfect for a starting point to get the ball rolling. we quickly did an equipment needs and cost of operating analysis, and came up with a number that was sure to get our foot in the door at the kitchen. we knew we would need more financial support sooner than later but we pushed forward with faith, knowing once we had a brand and a product to show people the rest would come easily. we followed up with a business lunch with kara's aunt ginny. ginny is ill with kidney failure and has been for many years, now. ginny is part of a world where specialized diets and eating healthier is a must. (even in her reluctance to do so.) ginny was a work horse all of her life spending the majority of her life, working and saving. with no prior knowledge of our desire to start healthy bellyz we immediately reached out to ginny, presented her with our business plan and she more than generously offered us the start up money. ginny has been nothing short of a god send to us. she has spent a significant portion of her retirement helping us turn our vision into a reality! she has both financially and emotionally been an amazing support for kara and i to lean on as we diligently work to build a healthy bellyz fan base. without ginny's belief, guidance, and support in us there would be no healthy bellyz. aunt ginnyz 1st smoothy as we could have by no means made it this far without her... we are just as dependent on your support to move to the next level. it is now time to implement the next step in our plan. it is time to expand our efforts and take the brand and the product that we have created and flood our communities with it. to raise the awareness of the unhealthy standards set forth by current "fast food" operations and give people affordable and accessible options to life saving choices. healthy bellyz domination healthy bellyz is going to succeed much faster than the average "new business venture" because our commitment is to accept nothing less. we are simply healthier lifestyle choices made easy, quick, tasty, and convenient. created with ingredients that will fulfill the desire of your taste buds and simultaneously add nutrient rich value to your daily meals. healthy bellyz is going to listen to what you want and then we are going to give it to you! healthy bellyz smoothyz will replace your daily coffee routine. what healthy bellyz is offering is already a large portion of the demand in the fast food market. we are just the first ones in our area to come through with the supply. healthy bellyz is going to raise the standard and force corporate america to change the way they feed us and the quality of the options they offer us. that is, if they want to retain any comparative, monetary, value in their current operations. because with your help.. healthy bellyz is "changing the way we do fast!" so i will give you a quick run down of what has happened in the 5 short months since we have set out after this venture. we picked up the keys to a nearly empty, plain white, kitchen on june 5th 2015. just signed the lease! immediately after, we (when i say we, i mean simply, kara and i and our kids! we did everything on our own, fighting for this dream to come alive.) spent all day and all night (literally until 5 a.m. most nights/mornings) for the next month, tracking down affordable used equipment, finding a way to haul it to the kitchen, scrubbing the walls and floor of the kitchen from top to bottom, scrubbing the new (used) equipment from the inside out, painting, designing, getting insurance, licensing, food orders, tax information, set up planning, menu planning. all of these things (along with, the countless things i'm forgetting) as well as maintaining the needs of our kids we accomplished in less than 4 short weeks. our commitment and passion for this process is something you will not find elsewhere! painting day 1 day 7 day 13 by july 1st we had our doors opened and were selling our amazingly, awesome, fresh, and healthy smoothyz. our first signature smoothy menu a few weeks later we started serving a small portion of our deliciously, tasty, lunch menu items. and today, we have a full lunch, breakfast, and kids menu, that people are raving about and we are ready to start offering rotating dinner meals for the community. our current lunch, breakfast, and kids menu july 1st opening day! we have come along way in just a short time. healthy bellyz was built with a desire to help feed individuals and families healthier options. as i type these words today it has become so much more than that. it is everything we are. we eat, sleep,and breath healthy bellyz! today, it is about our connection to our customers who look to us to complete their dietary needs. the promise we have made to people who are here daily, driving from across town to purchase a smoothy to fill the nutrient rich void, they battle within the confines of the fast food industry. and honestly at this point, it is also about the survival of our family. as what we are earning from the business currently is just enough to keep the bills paid it is not enough for our family to meet our daily needs. the only option is to elevate to the next level quickly! there is not even a hint of doubt that we have made the right choice, opened the correct doors and every bit of blood, sweat, and tears, we poor into this, has the ability to manifest into something of a supreme nature. but this is where you come in! we need your help to make that leap. healthy and delicious... because we care! what comes next? for us, the next step in the plan is, to have a stable amount of income in the bank that will allow us to: bring on new employees and train them to operate the kitchen, and smoothy system allowing us, the healthy foundation and company support we need to grow and continue to multiply our supply options to meet customer demand. keep creating, designing, and testing our recipes. building healthy alternatives, and redefining the patterns of the way our local communities feed themselves. start putting together a line of food that can be packaged and sold in gas stations, fitness centers, super markets, local shops, and healthy bellyz up and coming locations. these foods will be made from scratch, wheat, dairy, and meat free products incorporating ingredients that introduce healthy grains and proteins into the diet. eliminating the enriched and processed, sugar filled components that are driving the health issues we are all facing. the healthy smoothy portion of our business has exploded while the food is catching on quickly as well. so our intention is to open two more shops that will sell just smoothyz and offer access to our packaged foods. we can get a smoothy shop up and running for about $40,000, which is a small investment to be able to offer you easy access to healthier meal alternatives. once you learn the dynamic of how immensely healthy and delicious our smoothyz are you will want one close to your home. with the 25 dollar donation reward you may just be able to make that wish come true! after the votes are tallied and we are able to locate ourselves in two very accessible points in the green bay or surrounding area, we can make access to our smoothyz and packaged food easy for as many of you as possible. this step will allow us to generate a sustainable income base creating a foundation for healthy bellyz that at the end of this phase will make us unstoppable. another immediate step is the expansion of our family meals. we will offer full dairy and meat free, unprocessed meals for both pick up and delivery. (we are going to roll out pick up dinners the same week our  Jimmy Fraud  goes live) they can be ordered daily delivered to you hot or cold. the cost of offering delivery is a big investment with this one. we will also be expanding our advertising efforts, as we have a limited (zero) budget for advertising, currently. we will be expanding our efforts to be "green." to operate an environmentally conscious, business is more costly than one would think. we believe it is worth the investment. we currently have about 40% eco friendly packaging that we would like to see more in the way of 75 100%. we would like to purchase re usable smoothy cups with our logo on them, offering discounts for purchasing and refilling them and eliminating the energy and waste that comes with a new cup with every smoothy. we would also like to purchase re usable dinner boxes that can be brought back and exchanged with new orders to be washed and used again. when this  Jimmy Fraud  project ends as a success we will purchase as much eco friendly packaging as is offered to fit our needs. eco friendly cups one final part of this project is the ability for us to have a portion set aside for our own individual payroll and keep a percentage to pay ourselves payroll checks weekly to ensure we do not loose our house and are able to maintain our personal bills through out this process. out for kara's 40th birthday dinner the costs associated with what i stated above are listed in detail in our expansion plan and if you have more questions about this plan we would be delighted to speak with you. please feel free to reach out to us and ask those questions through our business facebook, or our personal facebook pages, our business email, our website, or even call us, if you like. we would love to speak with anyone who would like to learn more or has guidance or feedback for us. to learn more about us check out our website @ www.myhealthybellyz.com this is not the end of our time together! get to know us better and watch as the campaign unfolds! subscribe to our youtube channel and watch our updates! take this exciting journey with us, through our eyes! just follow this link!>> savin bellyz w/ healthy bellyz and it will be like your there with us every day! we are so excited for what comes next and can not wait to join forces with you to save the bellyz!!!!! risks and challenges since day 1, the challenges have been, many. every day comes with a new set of them. too many to name. the important part about facing these challenges is our agility and desire to overcome them. there have been days where it felt like we couldn't agree on anything, or days we were so stressed about something that avoiding talking about it all together felt like an easier option. since we dived into this thing there has been a number of days that the challenges have outweighed the attraction. but we just keep pushing. we always ask for help when we need it. we always take each challenge head on and one step at a time. we keep communicating even when we can not agree, until we are able to see the issue in a clearer light. we brainstorm and come up with several problem solving options as we work through the issues and we learn from our mistakes. we humble ourselves and do not let our pride lead us. instead we listen to feedback from customers, friends, and people who have both succeeded and failed before us. our focus is not our own personal gain, rather the greater good. working through challenges keeping this focus in mind helps keep us open to new perspective as we work together to meet our objectives. at this point the risk seems minimal. the hardest portion of this mission has been completed. we have the kitchen up and running. the big challenges are having the necessary funding to keep it running. being able to grow and expand in all the ways, the public is asking for and until we are able to hit a break even point and start creating a comfortable income. finding the right employees is always a challenge. which is why having a safe and reliable amount of money in the bank will allow us to offer a more than fair wage creating motivating factors for employees to ensure they want to keep coming back! we have created a brand, we have started and designed a foundation, we are raising the awareness and now we just need to take the next steps to build a solid structure. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 