scriptionwelcome to the ‘scrum like it hot’ page: hello, my name’s francie von schonfeld, producer of the feature film, scrum like it hot. i hope you enjoyed the teaser and that it has given you an appetite for what is to come. right now we need your help. we have already raised two thirds of the budget but in order to get the last third in and secure a distribution agreement, we need to contract our cast which is where you come in. for those who are in the know, when contracting an actor, you have to put money into escrow which acts as a guarantee and deposit to secure the actor’s services. we now need to contract our stars and are looking to you to help us raise the required funds to put into escrow so we can go into production in september of this year. £50,000 will get us our cast and if you can spare a bit more, we can do a whole lot of other things, like get our pr machine going to get the word out there and cover the legal fees to get those contracts ready for the actors to sign! before i introduce you to the story, the creative team and our partners, have a look at our categories of engagement in the right hand column. we would appreciate your help at whatever level and are very grateful to you all for supporting us. warriors of women's sport scrum like it hot a bubbly gender swapping screwball comedy with a slice of classic rom com, scrum like it hot plays like the bizarre but happy marriage of tootsie and bend it like beckham, or mrs doubtfire and jerry maguire! written by niall johnson based on the original screenplay by martyn chalk and simon porritt, scrum like it hot is due to go into production in the autumn of 2014 with a cinema release date of autumn 2015 team play before we get started on all the fun stuff, i have to do some business stuff first. the film spv (special purpose vehicle) forward pass pictures, registered company number 7994068, is a company formed to finance and produce 'scrum like it hot' (the film), a screwball comedy set for cinema release in the autumn/winter of 2015. all finance raised through  Jimmy Fraud  will be used to finance and contract actors to 'scrum like it hot', the film. the story chris marshall is in a very big hole with not enough spades to help dig him out of it. crunched by the recession, he is reduced to working in a call centre and living in a room in a flat shared with a bunch of students. just what every upwardly mobile guy wants. hankering after his old lifestyle, he bets outrageously, using borrowed money from sebastian and terence, the local loan sharks, on the rugger team he plays for. problem is, they keep losing not helped by chris’s selfish play and eventually he gets kicked off the team just as sebastian and terence, come knocking wanting the cash they lent back plus the exorbitant interest! there’s only one thing for it – borrow flatmate izzy von bugler’s identity (she won’t ever know he’s masquerading as her; well, he’ll fob her off with a story), join the local ladies team, win the big match and get back all his cash plus some and pay sebastian back! simple really……… chris soon finds himself enmeshed in a love triangle headed up by feisty american kicker, dawn hogan, with the ravishingly beautiful team captain, annabel chalfont in hot pursuit and his charms as izzy are not lost on geoff, the club groundsman, while tom tucker, the local rugby hero can’t help feeling that ‘izzy’ has some startling familiar traits. it isn’t long before chris’s house of cards goes flying in all directions when he find himself falling for dawn and is hard pressed to tell her that izzy is really chris. meanwhile his new team mates smell an oversized rat and the real izzy gets a nasty surprise! a scrum is a ruckus. and chris has himself caught in a real humdinger. the heat is on, and somebody’s going to get burned! now you've been introduced to the story, have a look at our cast of characters   these are the guys who now need their contracted actors! cast of characters before i introduce you to the members of the team, i thought you might like to read what our cool director, niall johnson, has to say about the film. director’s statement there’s an unwritten but oft quoted maxim that there are only seven stories in the world, and so storytelling is, in whatever form, something familiar being told in a fresh way. scrum like it hot is a perfect example. a gender swap screwball comedy along the lines of tootsie and mrs doubtfire, combined with a sports based rom com bringing to mind bend it like beckham, run fatboy run and jerry maguire! this collision of comedy types is crucial to what makes scrum unique. similarly, the most important thing for any movie is to know what it is and to be confident and consistent in its delivery. well, scrum knows exactly what it is. see above: it’s a fast moving, fast talking screwball rom com! that’s not just a handy description, though. it’s a manifesto; a guiding principle for every department involved in the making of the movie; a coding for how scenes should be played, how the rhythms and pacing of the movie should ebb, flow, chop and change. scrum obviously wants to pull out of its audience as many laughs as possible, but it also knows it’s as important to plant a warm smile throughout. it wants its audience leaving the theatres with their spirits lifted, and that smile still on their faces. the comedic range of scrum is not actually limited to just two types. there’s an element of every rom com which crosses into comedy of manners. it’s apparent in scrum with the relationship between chris and dawn: how they relate to each other as man and woman, compared to when they’re woman and woman. likewise, screwball comedy very often dances close to slapstick: the very physicality of chris’s cross dressing pretence getting him into trouble. the unifying thing throughout, however (and something absolutely crucial to both screwball and rom com) is that the characters must be likeable. that’s how we as filmmakers engage our audience from the outset, and keep them with us throughout. actions and reactions must be believable, and relatable, however whacky the circumstances. in that regard scrum’s comedy will be grounded. it puts as much store into richly textured characters as it does surface gags. it’s almost ‘dramatic’ in its structure: it’s not about adding gags for the sake of it, or designing set pieces to be as outrageous as possible just to win a few more laughs. yes, it’s silly (that’s the screwball bit), but we want our audience to relate to how the characters are navigating their way through these events (that’s the rom com bit). we want the classic question: what would i do if it was me? achieving all of this on screen is all about knowing where to put the focus at any given moment. for many moments in scrum, that will be firmly on the faces of the characters. comedy, after all, is about reaction. chris’s reaction to everything is vital, and dawn’s reaction to him is of equal importance. the fun of the movie’s middle act is charting chris’s change as a man, as a result of pretending to be a woman. he benefits greatly from embracing his feminine side, which is something he never expected. the consequence of that is that he begins to behave differently, to sit and stand differently, to adopt new approaches to things. it doesn’t go unnoticed by colleagues and friends, and part of the fun here is to watch how he keeps it secret, but also makes more use of it: especially in helping him woo dawn. so these moments are all strictly character based, albeit they’ll be communicated wherever possible through the use of comedy. grounded, however silly. tom tucker now you have read the story and been introduced to the characters, it is time to meet the core team who all have a big part to play in making the film happen. first up is our director, niall johnson. the director is the lynch pin in the making of the film and niall comes to us with not only his terrific writing skills but also a whole wad of experience in directing which will see the making of a really fantastic movie. niall johnson – writer & director niall came to hollywood’s notice in 2003 with his spec supernatural script white noise, produced by gold circle films, starring michael keaton, and directed by geoff sax. it opened in january 2005 at #1 in the uk and #2 in the us, where it broke the record at the time for the biggest january opening for a non sequel. it reached the $100m mark on worldwide theatrical, and has enjoyed an equally ripe career on dvd and tv. in 2005 niall wrote and directed black comedy keeping mum, starring rowan atkinson, maggie smith, kristin scott thomas, and patrick swayze. he adapted the script from an original by pulitzer prize winning american novelist richard russo (nobody’s fool, empire falls). the film’s 2006 worldwide release was commercially and critically successful: “british comedy at its very best” (daily mirror), “a sophisticated gem” (hollywood reporter), “reassuringly familiar and surprisingly fresh” (bbc) “i adored it” (rex reed, new york observer), “wickedly wonderful entertainment” (the sun), and ebert & roeper’s coveted “two thumbs up”. born and raised in sutton coldfield in the midlands, england, niall’s passion for movies is a result of a childhood spent producing epic remakes of the likes of planet of the apes, star trek, doctor who and batman with his older brother, a friend, and a silent kodak 8mm film camera—the most notable recurring feature of these being his mother’s laundry hanging on the washing line in the back yard! he began writing and directing movies in the uk at the end of the 1980s, after graduating with first degree honours in drama from bristol university. he started with a run of low budget features, including vampire romance dawn (1991), and wife swapping comedy drama the big swap (theatrically released in europe, 1998). telling the tale of five couples who partner swap and then pay the price, the big swap won the gold award at the 1998 flagstaff film festival in arizona, and was selected as critic’s choice at the 1999 rotterdam film festival. it was called “unmissable” (daily star), “one of the year’s gems” (cosmopolitan), and “a tour de force” (seattle weekly). in the uk, 1999 it secured a place in the year’s top 30 video rental releases. niall followed that with traditional haunted house tale the ghost of greville lodge (1999, starring prunella scales and george cole), which has become a halloween/christmas season favorite on tv channels around the world, and was called “a real golden film in an era that has lost its shine” (imdb). niall has written for all kinds of production companies and producers in the uk and us: nick wechsler productions, universal pictures, nicky weinstock, invention films, ecosse films, hal leiberman, tusk productions, xavier marchand, samuelson productions, dap italy, platige image poland, future films, trademark films, haystack productions, elstree studio films, warner bros, and renown pictures. material including a reincarnation thriller, a true story love triangle between the world wars, a re telling of the legend of william tell, a bio pic of opera diva maria callas, a horror about fallen angels, a true story about american code breakers in china during the japanese invasions of 1938, another true story about a polish journalist in the angolan civil war, a rom com about two people struggling to flat share in san francisco, and many novel adaptations including a new take on the classic treasure island. additional to his involvement in scrum like it hot and troopers, niall is attached to direct a number of movies: android, a sci fi thriller set in a space shuttle orbiting neptune; the stolen, an adventure yarn set in the 1850s gold rush in new zealand; keep me posted, a rom com set in san francisco; and mum’s list which he is currently adapting from the best selling 2013 memoir by st john greene. niall johnson   director the line producer is also a key player in making a film. they schedule and budget the script and then run the project from the start of pre production to the end of the production period. you might be wondering what the producer is doing in that period   simple, buried under a whole heap of paperwork as there are masses of contracts and always a few wrinkles to iron out to ensure that film making process can run like a well oiled machine. kristyna sellnerova has had many years of experience and is a huge asset to the team. read about her below. kristyna sellnerova   line producer another important member of the producer's unit is james lyon, the associate producer. james does all our design work, is a fabulous stills photographer, you will find a lot of his work on our website and yes, he designed the website too. when not snowed under with producer requests, james advises and supports the producer on many aspects of the film project. james lyon now a very important element of making a film is the director of photography and we are very fortunate to have bafta award winning john daly bsc on our team. john daly bsc sam williams is the coolest dude in town and he will be composing all our music and supervising it from start to finish to give us the best soundtrack around. sam williams of course, we have a whole host of fabulous professionals working alongside us including sally alcott, our special effects make up artist, meg clark, our post production supervisor and mark fox, the concept and storyboard artist. molinare is our post production house and paul renney, keystone law llp and silver levene accountants act as legal and financial advisors to the producer. that just leaves me, the producer   my biography is below and you can check out further credentials on linkedin; facebook; twitter or just google me to find out more about what i do. francie von schonfeld great uncle wallace marshall let's get on to the reason we are here, the casting of the film. we do already have some cast attachments (sorry folks, can't say who they are until they are contracted but if you follow us on twitter or like us on facebook, we will keep you up to date with our cast) but we only have loi's and we have to contract them now to get the last of our investors in along with a distribution agreement in place. our casting directors, kelly valentine hendry and victor jenkins, of vhj casting have a fantastic record in ensemble casting   read more about them below. in 2010 kelly valentine hendry and victor jenkins decided to stop talking about working together and actually go and do it. with each of their different experiences in casting it seemed like a perfect fusion. vhj casting casts for film, television, theatre, short films, music promos, animation, pilots, table reads and commercials. they have worked on an impressive array of movies and television series, some of which are listed here. ironclad: battle for blood, the muppets........again (uk casting) keith lemon   the film; elfie hopkins; grabbers; killing bono; episodes; broadchurch; the wrong mans. vhj casting there is one very important area we haven't covered and that is sales, marketing and distribution and team scrum have been working away at this for some time. parkland pictures are engaged as our sales agents to sell the film to the distributors both nationally and internationally. the film has been to the 66th and 67th cannes film festival and this year we got really good press and got noticed by some good distribution companies who are marking their cards in anticipation of the cast. this is why we really need your help to get our cast contracted. as well as bringing in the last our our investment, it will also get us a distribution deal so you can go and see the movie on the big screen. our pr company will make announcements as each star is contracted which we will post on our website and social media pages and send out emails to our supporters. a great deal of marketing has taken place already and we regularly tweet and post of facebook so please follow us or like us so you can get up to the minute information on what is happening at the scrum base. screen daily press article may 2014 we are very fortunate to be in partnership with some great brands. mac cosmetics have provided the make up for the actor who will play chris marshall/chrissy gilbert aka izzy von bugler (confusing isn't it but all part of the fun). samurai rugby gear will provide the kit for all the rugby teams involved in the script and lend us whatever equipment we need. read more about them below. samurai rugby gear but we are not just a commercial project because we firmly believe that part of success is to give back to society in some way. we are in partnership with school of hard knocks, a charity devoted to helping the long term unemployed get back in touch with the world through the powerful medium of sport, in particular rugby and boxing. they run courses in rugby and boxing during which period the participants are mentored and prepared for the workplace and then everything is done to help place them in employment. we are very proud to support them and will use the film's premiere to highlight their work and raise funds for them. school of hard knocks but we go before, i need to pay homage to the warriors of women's sport   the rugby girls who have been the inspiration for the entire project. i have got to know some of them over the last 18 months and i am in constant awe of their dedication, commitment, athleticism and love of their game. their team spirit and prowess never ceases to amaze me and you will not be surprised to learn it is the fastest growing sport. it is played all over the world in over 80 countries and the list grows with each year. so let's give a big shout out to the unsung heroes of sport   women's rugby. women's rugby well that's us folks. someone very important in the film industry said to me once, making a film is like climbing the north face of the eiger and he wasn't far wrong. i have been scaling that cliff face for some time and am nearly at the summit   you can help get us up to the top and we will plant a flag in your honour. you can read all about us on our website www.forwardpasspictures.com and follow us on twitter and facebook as we progress forward to the finishing line and you can be a part of this final and very exciting stage of the journey. please help us get our cast and we promise to make such a movie that will have you laughing for days after you see it. support british independent film and help the scrum get on the screen. francie von schonfeld twitter facebook geraldine fitzsimmons and it's a wrap! scrum like it hot risks and challenges we are still in development but now in the advanced stages   the process of building the movie project has taken a couple of years which is average for film making and we are about ready to shoot to the film. once all the funds are in and we have our cast, we will go into pre production which lasts six weeks. a lot of preparation work has gone on already but this period before principal photography is vital as it sets the stage for when the camera rolls. we have very experienced professionals on board but like anything, no matter how prepared you are, something will always go wrong. this is why i have hired one of the best line producers around to ensure that any problem that occurs will be dealt with swiftly and sharply. some of the things that can go wrong is an investor pulls out at the last minute (all part of the glory of film making) a star suddenly can't do the role for whatever reason so we have to scurry about to find another, vital equipment doesn't pitch up when it should   the list is endless. one of the biggest problems which can occur is the archiving of the rushes in preparation for post production. i have a very experienced post production supervisor on hand to supervise this important element of the film making process as a number of projects have cut corners to save money and landed up with problems in post. i guess it is a case of anticipating what could go wrong and being prepared for the event but because we are an independent movie, we are required to finish filming on time and within budget. pre production is 6 weeks, production is 6 weeks and post production is around 12 15 weeks. the film then gets delivered to the distributors who find a slot for its release which could be anything from six months to a year or sometimes longer. those are the realistic timescales. so we will come prepared for anything even earthquakes! we will always have a back up to plan a, and there will even be another scenario to plan b   why? we love movie making and we want to see this little gem on the screen as it is going to make everyone laugh! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 