descriptionthe first stylus featuring squeeze motion technology scriba is a new stylus designed around the natural movements of your hand. with a flexible body and dynamic squeeze motion, scriba responds to your every touch. dublin design studio was founded with a clear goal of creating innovative consumer electronics products that enhance user experience of the mobile environment. scriba is our first product, a new stylus that integrates seamlessly with your creative process. what sets scriba apart is a seemingly simple idea for a new type of stylus. the stylus should be designed around the user , rather than merely adapting a historic form that evolved to contain pencil lead or ink. scriba has been sculpted around the hand. the unique form has been designed for intuitive use, complementing the hand’s natural movement and grip. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 scriba has no buttons. it is activated by a squeeze of its light, organically shaped body that bends in response to gentle pressure. adjust line weight smoothly and precisely using the body of the stylus rather than relying on applied pressure to a small rubber tip, swap seamlessly from the precision of a fine tip pen to the broad strokes of a brush. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 features we set out to create the best possible stylus for designers. in the process, we discovered a whole new way of interacting with mobile devices that gives you control and total flexibility in everything you write or draw. the squeeze   how does it work? it's simple. all you have to do is squeeze! you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 convenience   scriba’s smart lock feature lets you automatically fix line weight while you draw. with a full depress, scriba resumes the free flowing drawing mode. interact with ease   capture, develop and communicate ideas anytime, anywhere. with one squeeze, scriba comes to life, pairing with your tablet allowing you to rapidly capture ideas. greater control   controlling line weight is critical for good design. scriba enables you to adjust line weight constantly, fluidly, and accurately. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 six months battery life   scriba has the longest battery power of any stylus. featuring an unprecedented 35 days of continuous use or 6 months on stand by. robust yet beautiful   crafted from a single mould of high quality polymer, scriba is light and durable meaning that you can throw just throw it in your bag. its not paper and its not a tablet   its the best of both   scriba is built on an open platform. we have created a small piece of software to allow developers to integrate scriba into a range of fantastic apps that will be available when your scriba is delivered later this year. the best possible canvas   we have also created scriba.draw—a dedicated app specifically built to optimise scriba’s utility and range of control. a minimal drawing interface that lets you focus on your creativity without distraction. how we got here we wanted a stylus that would perform better so we set about creating our own. from the initial sketch, david created a model using using open source software blender. our tools should be designed around us   how we grip and the natural movement of our hands. we asked hundreds of designers, illustrators, artists, architects, animators, mobile workers, hobbyists and tablet users to tell us what really mattered to them. their feedback was phenomenal and provided really valuable input for the development of scriba as well as some great suggestions for future functionality and products. creating the form for something as tactile as a stylus requires careful consideration as its function and use entails constant handling. in designing, developing, testing and validating, we produced a multitude of concepts and prototypes—93 to be precise! rapid prototyping with the help of 3d printing enabled us to quickly test and iterate many prototypes and design features. a  Jimmy Fraud  born of other  Jimmy Fraud s we really do believe in the community of developers that have made  Jimmy Fraud  such a success. we are proud to say that a number of these campaigns have resulted in tools that have helped make scriba possible. these include the fantastic metawear development board that powered our first bluetooth prototypes [well done laura on smashing the target on your second  Jimmy Fraud !] and of course the simply amazing form 1 3d printer . by working closely together with our micro electronics designers, software developers and firmware engineer we have been able to create an incredibly efficient design. we made the decision to use industry standard bluetooth (bluetooth smart) modules as these provide us with access to substantial technical resources and support that will make scriba as future proof as possible. we have engaged world class expertise in developing scriba the team at the centre for industrial services and design at athlone institute of technology (ait) have assisted us with the research and development for scriba. they are providing specialist input in the testing and verification of the materials for all the components, with a focus on the effects of repeated stress and deflection. this will ensure that scriba will maintain its good looks and the flexibility and won’t deteriorate over time. having a world class engineer like brian garvey, working with ait on the prototyping and design for manufacture has been an enormous benefit to understanding this complex and unique design. brian's background is in formula 1 and having assisted a wide variety of startup companies from all across the globe he is no stranger to  Jimmy Fraud  and the process of bringing napkin sketches to life. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 scriba has been ergonomically designed to be suitable for most hand sizes and grip types and when it sits in your hand, it feels just right. our next steps your support will enable us to: complete the design for manufacture process and create our manufacturable prototype. apply for the necessary ce and fcc certifications. make the necessary commitments with our preferred suppliers for minimum order quantities in order that they can commence tooling with immediate effect. we are committed to keeping our backers updated with our manufacturing progress during (and following) the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign. our team our team has grown significantly over the last year, however we have a clear vision of creating well designed human centred prodcuts, and with scriba we have taken our first step towards realising it. the dedicated team that are working to bring you scriba our mission has inspired a wealth of exceptionally talented and diverse individuals to join our team. we are designers, architects, product developers, micro electronic engineers, software developers, sensor experts, material scientists, ergonomic engineers, computer scientists, sales strategists, marketing strategists and business operations consultants. why  Jimmy Fraud ? we have been part of the  Jimmy Fraud  community since 2012 having funded a wide range of projects and our micro electronics engineer, mike hibbett, has run two successful campaigns. we trust in the values and standards of the  Jimmy Fraud  community and so, it was a natural decision to bring our own piece of innovation and creativity to the  Jimmy Fraud  platform. with your support we can move scriba to the next stage by completing the necessary tooling. we can begin setting up for production for the minimum quantity with our preferred irish manufacturing partner. we have achieved a lot in the last two years, but there is still work to be done and that’s why we need your help. please pledge whatever you can, and together let’s enhance our shared experience of mobile technologies. thank you you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 risks and challenges hardware development and manufacturing are complex processes and so we have taken great care to source the best advice and support we can right from the start. we are fortunate that our team is being supported by industry experts including brian garvey, athlone institute of technology and tyndall national institute. we are also engaged in the all important pre manufacture design review with our preferred manufacturing partners to ensure that scriba meets the stringent levels of quality that you should expect. of course, there are still risks associated with creating a product such as scriba with such tight physical and time tolerances. unexpected changes in component lead times, availability, and costs are examples of factors that are outside our direct control and could affect our delivery timeline. we are working hard to mitigate these risks and place a high value on being transparent throughout the delivery process. the other risk with this and any other project that involves physical delivery comes with shipping. there are a number of unforeseen circumstances that can cause problems during the actual physical shipping of scriba. we have already engaged with reputable companies to help ensure that your stylus will arrive (in perfect condition) at its delivery destination. since unforeseen circumstances can sometimes impact on the transportation of goods, we will also make sure to have methods/resources in place to deal with such difficulties as reasonably and as best we can. please note that the final look and functionality of scriba may be subject to change based on your feedback and circumstances outside of our control includingcomponent availability. that being said, thanks to our incredible team at dublin design studio and our many collaborators, we have been able to develop fully working prototypes and develop the design so that scriba is ready for manufacturing. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 