scription"shine" has not been filmed yet. seven years ago, the late lee t. young (friday night lights, rizzoli & isles) and i embarked on a journey to make the award winning salsa short film "mano" which starred giancarlo esposito, laz alonso, lee t. young and featured some of the most talented faces in salsa, both musicians and dancers. more than 500k people from 28 countries viewed the 24 minute short. since then i have worked on perfecting my craft as a director while thoroughly developing the full length feature film inspired by "mano". the journey of developing the film, has taken me through the usual obstacles many aspiring filmmakers face and learning which road would provide the most potential for this film's success. due to the specific subject matter of the film, it is important to preserve the cultural and salsa subculture integrity. this film could've been made a while ago through the studio route, but ideas, characters and music would've been whittled down to cliche's and formulaic vignettes. thanks to technology and the old age entrepreneurial spirit, it has become possible to make high production quality films on a fraction of the traditional studio budget. that is where we are now. we recently filmed two days on the weekend of june 13/14th in new york to take advantage of the opportunity to shoot at both the 116th street festival and annual nyc puerto rican day parade. the pr parade gave us exclusive permission to our crew and cameras to film one of our scenes from the script that actually take place in the parade. recreating this would have cost thousands... the other shots were for the opening of the film which both samples of footage can be seen as a mini teaser at the beginning of the  Jimmy Fraud  video. below is who have been cast so far and we are currently in talks with two more well known named actors: gilbert saldivar   playing the role of junior, brother to ralphi. gilbert was an actor in the highest domestic grossing dance film "stomp the yard". he was jennifer lopez's dance captain for 8 years and is known in the industry as one of the most successful industry dancers. currently on hulu's hit show "east los high". angelo pagan   playing raul, the father of junior and ralphi. angelo and his wife leah remini (star of "king of queens") currently have their own show on tlc called "it's all relative". angelo is also an accomplished salsa singer and actor having worked closely with his close friend   singer marc anthony. alex sensation   alex will be playing himself at the end dance event in the movie as host and dj. among his countless accomplishments as a prominent dj and radio personality, alex is the recipient of the ace award (the association of latin entertainment critics), the global spin award, and the latin mix award. in 2014, alex was invited to attend the latin grammys as an honorary guest and hosted the official latin grammys after party. he has been the face of dennon dj equipment, johnny walker, at&t, heineken, mcdonalds, and budweiser. alex has performed to sold out crowds at madison square garden, izod center, best buy theater, united palace, american airlines arena, yankee stadium, radio city music hall, olympic stadium in the dominican republic, the legendary roseland ballroom, the central park summerstage, and the hakkasan nightclub in las vegas. alex has hosted his yearly sold out birthday bash in madison square garden since 2011. in 2014, american airlines arena in miami also became home to alex’s birthday celebration, which sold out as well. joe bataan   will be playing himself. no recording artist has more impeccable street credentials than joe bataan, the originator of the new york latin soul style that paralleled latin boogaloo and anticipated disco. his musical experience began with street corner doo wop in the 1950s, and came to include one of the first rap records to hit the charts, 1979's "rap o, clap o." in between these milestones, he recorded classic albums like saint latin's day massacre, a perennial favorite in the salsa market, salsoul, which gave the record label its name and helped spark the national explosion of urban dance music, and afrofilipino, which included one of the very earliest new york disco hits, an instrumental version of gil scott heron's "the bottle." joe bataan was a major figure of fania. meet the team to get this done anthony nardolillo , director born in new york, to puerto rican and italian parents, anthony considers himself a symbol of “spanish harlem". he has always been inspired by his puerto rican roots and in particular, salsa—the music that echoes and serves as the vocal conduit for love of family, pride and culture. he wrote shine to reflect the theme of gentrification and the wealth of culture in those of puerto rican descent. six years ago, with no previous experience in film, anthony wrote and directed an award winning short film mano which starred veteran actors giancarlo esposito and laz alonso. the twenty four minute short film, which won best cinematography at the 2008 sundance latino filmmakers house and went on to garner awards at hbo’s latino film festival, berlinale and beverly hills film festival, was the beginning of the inspiration behind shine. since developing the full length version of mano anthony has has continued his day job at kaiser permanente while continuing to develop his craft as a filmmaker, directing commercials for clients such as target and disney, as well as various music videos which have been played on mtv3, disney music and univision. anthony most recently started work on a domestic violence documentary in the caribbean, taking a short sabbatical from his kaiser and spending three weeks in guyana, jamaica and trinidad and tobago. this is a very visible documentary as it is being endorsed by the largest domestic not for profit one billion rising. although anthony has not worked a lot, his work has been quality and he is respected by his peers as an up and coming director, especially with shine which has been nurtured and developed for the last seven years to make as great of a film possible for his debut as a feature film director. although anthony has worked on smaller projects this film is what he hopes will be his break thru debut as a formidable director and be able to continue to work on telling stories that are impactful but entertaining. coming from a dance and music background he looks up to director baz lurhmann, specifically in how the camera movement and storytelling always feels rhythmic and is backed by strong emotionally evoking music. anthony hopes shine will launch him into a long career of showing audiences great stories told through his creative and diverse lens. christin scholten , producer christin graduated from the producing program at the prestigious american film institute (afi) in 2010, where she produced her master’s thesis with a substantial budget, ninjas in the shed and was unit production manager (upm) on two thesis films, s alvation road and eggbaby . prior to her time at the afi, christin worked as an assistant to a producer for 4 years. in the spring of 2011 christin served as associate producer on the documentary, the harvey girls: opportunity bound . she served as the producing mentor for outset: the young filmmakers project from lifeworks and outfest in 2013 2014, where she ran the production of 7 short films created by lgbtq fellows between the ages of 16 24. she remains an advisor to many outset alumni. first learning about shine over three years ago, christin is excited to be teaming up with anthony nardolillo on what will be both of their debuts in the feature film. she is most passionate about producing projects that provide a voice for under represented sections of society, because visibility matters. pedro avila , cinematographer a durango native, pedro avila launched his director of photography career in mexico city prior to arriving in hollywood where he currently resides. he is a 12 year veteran with experience shooting both film and digital. he acquired his lighting skills and learned how to work fast while shooting episodic television for multiple award winning directors and networks such as nbc/telemundo, univision, tv azteca, gourmet channel, and televisa. while shooting feature & short films, tv pilots and commercials, pedro excels at lighting and framing to create powerful story driven images. he specializes in lighting faces for glamor, comedy, and drama. darin halli , post production coordinator darin halli is a producer of media for television and film with over 20 years of experience. former owner of music and sound design firm ohm lab, he's worked on numerous advertising and broadcast campaigns including ones for nike, t mobile, mtv and verizon just to name a few. darin has served as producer, post production coordinator, executive producer and supervising sound editor for numerous feature and short films. such as 212, happy new year, le village, the wannabe and transfatty lives. currently manager of technical operations for dolby laboratories in new york city, he is also the head of digital cinema mastering for the new york facility. darin recently completed mastering for sundance and tribeca film festival feature faves may in the summer , mother of george , it felt like love and loitering with intent as well as sony pictures' drinking buddies and woody allen’s latest release irrational man starring joaquin phoenix and emma stone. darin is a producer for the feature documentary transfatty lives which took home the audience award for best documentary at this year’s tribeca film festival 2015 and was an audience favorite at this year’s hot docs film festival in toronto. darin has also been the director of operations for dolby digital manhattan and will serve as the post supervisor and him and his team will handle the sound design and mix of which will be done in dolby’s labs at dts 7.1. you , the audience without the support of the community none of this would be possible. when you have the power of the people back you up, anything can be achieved including the sometimes inconceivable mighty walls of hollywood. as john leguizamo said, if hollywood doesn’t open the door then you keep on knocking and if you knock long enough and hard enough, someone will eventually answer. that is what we are doing each time one of you pledge, our knock gets louder and stronger. how it’ll get done because of the strength of the script, subject matter and trust i have earned from my colleagues, i have been able to leverage my relationships from over the years to develop a strong team and package a film with the highest quality crew, equipment, locations and talent.. as you will see from the video, we are not just pitching a script. this film has become a movement and we have already completed a lot of the pre production including casting, recording original music from grammy winning spanish harlem orchestra, locked locations, locked the best camera equipment (arri alexa xt), lenses and grip/electric. so now we are in the final phase of funding. this campaign is for the final stretch of $100k to "kick start" this film into high gear. at the end of the day my team and i want to make a great film that not only entertains but also a film that strikes a range of chords that people can identify with. risks and challenges as of today we have a thoroughly developed script, secured locations, equipment, cast, crew, product placement deals and most importantly have a strong, committed, invested and talented team to carry through our commitment to deliver a completed film. the potential challenges and risks associated with not moving forward with production can be a number of issues including but not limited to crew, vendors, dancers, weather, locations or me passing away (god forbid). however, we have a plan in place that relies around redundancy on all the aforementioned areas. we have ensured that if any of those areas fall through, we have 2nd and 3rd backup alternatives to ensuring we can commence production september 10th. and if for whatever reason something happens to me, my team is just as capable as delivering because we all share the same vision. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 