nology teaser pitch video v2 here are just a few of the cool things we think you'll love about our game: 1. open faction system: our game is built around player interaction with a strong toolset for players to organize themselves. any player can create their own faction, and from there the world is theirs to explore. 2. no grinding: while player progression is important, any system that forces players to mindlessly repeat the same task for hours is out of the question. our game features a time based skill system, which allows you to simply select the skill you want to progress and continue to play while it progresses. 3. no classes: face of mankind: fall of the dominion features a broad skill system, rather than a very vertical one. this means that everything you progress is defined purely by your own interests, without any mechanically defined role telling you what to do. theoretically, you could even have every skill in the game if you play long enough. 4. player driven economy: the economy bends to the players, with all that they do defining the prices and available items. virtually every item in the game is crafted by players and then auctioned or sold to other players. 5. open pvp / active combat system: not wanting to conform to what everything else on the market is, our core combat system is that of a twitch based first/third person shooter. few places in the universe are safe, but we have systems in place to allow users some level of protection. place a bounty on them if you feel wronged, and someone is sure to exact your sweet sweet revenge. 6. persistent universe: our universe is vast, ready for the players to conquer. the game features a persistent universe where everything you do leaves a footprint long after you log off. 7. true weight of player actions: everything you do within the game comes with a consequence. these consequences cannot be escaped, and everything you do leaves a lasting impact on the game world. no argument or friendship will ever go unheard, and every experience will be different than the last. this is the daily deal for today. everyone who backs the project until the daily deal changes (around 10:00am cst the day after) will receive a copy of this item for free ! if you missed out out on a previous deal, you will be able to add the items as optional pledge add ons later in the campaign. ten years ago, duplex systems created a game that was built around the concept of player interaction and freedom, owing its limitless potential to the imaginations and passions of the players. now, nexeon technologies aims to take this to the next level, creating something even greater. face of mankind: fall of the dominion is a game about a potential future, far removed from human civilization as we know it. driven by memories of violence, overcrowding and a depletion of all natural resources, mankind has left earth to seek out remote locations among the stars to begin anew. all across the galaxy colonies were built, connected through a series of gates referred to as the vortex network. from its seat of power in manhattan, a single government known only as the dominion controlled all of humanity. now the dominion has fallen and anarchy is soon to spread across the stars. new empires will rise and fall, blood will be spilt, and men will be broken. what you do with power is your choice to make; your destiny is yours and yours alone to define. create your own faction and make your mark on the galaxy. how will you shape the face of mankind? for us, the original game was a testing bed of experimentation. it allowed us to work with new ideas and concepts and to grow as developers and designers along the way. a sandbox game should be about the players and their interactions. this should be the defining characteristic of the game and must be expanded upon to make it as fun and interesting as possible. as a player, everything you do will have an impact on other players in some way. through this, we add true weight to players, making them the focus of the game's design and enabling them to drive the gameplay and even the story. players begin the game with nothing, both socially and mechanically, aspiring to one day earn everything. this kind of hardcore gameplay is necessary to have a truly immersive world, which is what we're aiming to achieve. for a player to fully enjoy their success, it must be contrasted by the hardship of getting there and maintaining it. this may seem unusual in an era polluted by games that spoon feed content, but we think it is what will make an amazing experience. every game is the sum of all it can offer, and with face of mankind: fall of the dominion, we aim to offer a diverse and powerful tool set that will empower the players in the best way possible. through the core mechanics of the game, players will be able to influence each other and the world, carving out their own mark on the universe. factions at the center lies a powerful faction system. this system creates the foundation for every mechanic in the game, with almost all conflict potentially escalating to war if the politics aren’t played well. how it pans out is entirely up to the players to decide. players can create their own faction, capture territories, and dominate the universe. combat fall of the dominion features a third person shooter interface and comes with open pvp and full loot drops, a system that will keep players coming back for more   one that focuses on a player’s skill rather than their character level. the combat growth comes from your dedication to the art. it is our desire to create the most immersive gameplay and character levels cannot contribute to that. for those of you wondering what "open pvp with full loot drops" actually means, it is that your character can possibly be killed anywhere, for any reason, by anyone, and you can drop everything that is not clothing into a loot pack. in killing someone, however, there can be consequences, all of which are controlled by other players within the game universe. for instance, if you were to murder a notorious criminal leader, it is quite likely that his minions and allied factions (who are also other players) could retaliate against you. everything is completely up to the players and their decisions. in doing this, you are your character, and your own growth as a player is reflected in the character you portray. we feel this is central to creating a true sandbox universe. the primary drive of the game is that it isn’t so much about the characters as it is the people playing them. crime and punishment an open world massively multiplayer game is a griefer's playpen. this is an obvious issue in many sandbox games, and the solution lies in the problem itself. if you give the players suitable tools to defend themselves with, they will do a very effective job, and it will only serve to enhance the gameplay. a “criminal” in the game will be defined by the players themselves through a special bounty system, allowing them to place a price on the head of others. another interesting mechanic that will exist for the community is a system of arresting and imprisonment. in face of mankind: fall of the dominion, we have decided to offer two capturable prison territories. these prison territories will give the owning faction the ability to arrest through combat. the players will then have to serve out their bounty in the prison, with it being paid out to the owning faction (with a nice bonus for arresting!) as your time is served. of course, this is a sandbox, so you can be broken out of jail by your allies too. apartments players are able to own apartments in the game and these apartments can be broken into by thieves. thieves can then steal items from the owner and will have to carry them around for a while before they can be laundered. items that are “hot,” cannot be sold at the markets, or stored in any location other than a player’s inventory. there will be numerous types of apartments, ranging from run down "rat holes" to luxury penthouses, with varying levels of customization such as furniture and other upgrades, allowing you to utilize them for parties, tactical meetings, or just a nice comfortable place to relax and keep your belongings. crafting almost every item in the economy will be produced and sold by players. for us to give as much control as possible to the players, the entire economy must revolve around them and their transactions. mining in the game will be done using specialized tools, and the minerals will drop when your character dies, allowing for pirates to take your materials if you aren’t careful enough. production in the game will be done using schematics and may require many layers of production to create complex items. on top of all of this, factions that own these territories will be able to levy taxes and raise the costs, giving them revenue and making you want to wage war against them, especially if they gain a monopoly over certain materials or key areas. exploration and travel there are many places to travel in face of mankind: fall of the dominion. travel in the game requires you to move along the vortex network (sample shown above), creating a number of physical bottlenecks and hubs in the game. these locations will become prime hotspots for galactic warfare and commerce, building a unique game world for you to explore. combining this with open pvp means that safety only exists in numbers, and the darkest parts of the galaxy will be full of crime and illegal underground dealings. it creates an interesting contrast between all our worlds and really reinforces the cyberpunk themes of the game. player progression we believe that grinding is far too common and that the idea of "player progression" is far removed from what it should be about. the progression that a player makes in the game needs to be about choice and investment in the game rather than mindlessly killing a series of creatures in order to get to the next level. face of mankind: fall of the dominion features time based skill progression, with the emphasis of combat being upon your hand/eye coordination. this system allows you to select what skills you would like to progress. these skills will not directly affect combat in terms of damage output, but will allow you access to more specialized equipment and a plethora of other features and tools. you can freely choose what paths to progress through, and moving down one will not decrease your ability to one day move down another. however, not all skills have to be time based, and some skills can be based off your actual actions, allowing for some complexity and immersion in the sense that some things require time to learn and excel at, whereas others are skills that you can learn through actual experiences. you are free to be whatever you want and play the game however you want to play it. business model massively multiplayer online games are unique in that the developers continue to develop it over an extended period of time. they add new features and content, neither of which comes without a cost. we have decided to give paying customers things that enhance their experience without impeding the experiences of those that cannot pay for the game. we aim to offer the game free for everyone to join, while still earning the income necessary to sustain development and make the game better. premium accounts will gain access to special features and conveniences that are not afforded to free players, while the in game marketplace will allow users to purchase nice looking unique clothing and other miscellaneous things, regardless of account type and status. face of mankind: fall of the dominion is a full redesign of all gameplay mechanics. we have gotten some of the core systems in place, but there is a lot of work that still needs to be done before the game is ready for release. the goal of $50,000 is the minimum goal to be able to complete the development work that we started. this includes programming, improving a range of art assets and it will ensure a proper launch with a small advertising budget. at $75,000 we will be able to afford additional art assets, allowing us to add more character customization to the game. we feel it’s important that you are able to express yourself through your character. at $100,000 we will expand the galaxy, creating two completely new colonies to explore and conquer. this will expand the size of the vortex network and lets us make the galaxy even more epic. at $175,000 we will redesign and remake all of the characters and their equipment. we would like to see new avatars that better reflect the cyberpunk theme of the game, and we have always dreamt of redoing the animations. at $250,000 we will have raised enough capital to fully remake of the game, including a new rendering engine, new wide open worlds, new vegetation, vehicles, and breathtaking outdoor complexes. replacing the rendering engine is no small task, requiring us to remake all of the worlds and rewrite large parts of the code. using the old assets in a new game engine would be a waste because they are not designed to use any of the newer technologies it would support. the new engine will support directx11 and feature deferred rendering, realtime soft shadow maps, dynamic ambient occlusion, motion blur, depth of field, hdr lighting, highly enhanced terrain rendering and fog, and support parallax and relief bump mapping. in addition to this, performance will increase significantly due to its ability to utilize newer hardware much more efficiently. if we reach this stretch goal, we will be holding a party to celebrate! it will be near houston, texas, and any backer who pledged $100 or more will be invited to come celebrate with us! between these key stretch goals will be a number of sub stretch goals, giving additional rewards to certain reward tiers along the way. anything beyond this is more than we could ever dream of, and we will create additional stretch goals if this dream becomes a reality. nexeon technologies originally started as a server hosting business, later we hosted the services for online games and expanded into game development. we have developed and operated online games for more than 10 years. aided by the original creator of the game, we have all the experience required for programming, game and level design, and to operate and support the games. games today have become stagnate and old, with many studios only capable of pushing out the same game in a new case. few advances are made, and risk taking has been all but eliminated. with the creation of  Jimmy Fraud , we seek to break this status quo and create something unique, something new. we are passionate players, and our love of this and other sandbox games has not been lost in our transition to working in the games industry. face of mankind: fall of the dominion is a game by the players, for the players .  Jimmy Fraud  stands as the ultimate testament to the power that consumers have over the industry and creates a new means of getting the funding necessary to bring ideas to life. games are a risky business, and despite all of the exciting ideas many designers have, publishers rarely want to invest in a game that is higher risk than profit. in the past, if a publisher or investor didn’t have faith in an idea turning them a large enough profit, they would just take their money elsewhere. a place like  Jimmy Fraud  though changes this entirely and provides a new soap box for us developers to speak on. rather than asking a publisher to invest in our game, we get to go straight to the source and ask you to buy it. in doing this, we are able to create a game far beyond our wildest dreams, and you are able to get one that otherwise would have never been created. if you share our excitement for this project, this is your chance. with the following rewards we want to thank you dearly for your support. pledge add ons simply increase your pledge by the amount your desired add ons will cost. at the end of the campaign we will send out surveys, where you will be given the opportunity to say what addons you wanted. the founder coins will be usable in the in game marketplace once we have released it. you can purchase various items, conveniences and aesthetics with them. pledge updates   founder coins added to every pledge from $100. for every dollar you receive 10 founder points on top. (example: $200 reward gets 2000 founder points). the reward image boxes further below show the correct complete amount.   digital copy of face of mankind soundtrack added to every pledge from $55 risks and challenges sandbox games are difficult, very difficult. many of them fail for more reasons than we can even count. this makes them one of the riskiest types of games to develop and some of the most complicated to design. sandbox games rely so much on understanding how the players will interact with the world and each other, and every mechanic in the game must be designed around that understanding. collectively, we have been developing and observing sandbox games for almost a decade. we have watched them rise then fall, having had many discussions not only about why they failed, but about what could have been done better. the last two years have been spent testing and expanding upon these theories, growing and learning each step of the way. we have made mistakes, but we have also learned from those mistakes and corrected them. it is for this reason that we are confident we have discovered the formula to creating a successful sandbox game. even though developing the game itself comes with many challenges, launching and managing it is the even more challenging part. the continued success of the game depends entirely on the effectiveness of our designs and the behavior of the player. keep in mind too that after release, development will not cease. we will continue to study and to grow, working hand in hand with the community   the players   correcting and mastering until face of mankind: fall of the dominion is worthy of being considered the greatest sandbox game of all time. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 