escriptionnow that the campaign is over, you can join us at www.sacredordinarydays.com and www.jenngileskemper.com for ongoing conversations about leading a life of deep faith and meaningful service. what happens there will expand on what we've shared here. there we'll invite you to go deeper through writing, videos, one on one work, retreats, workshops and other opportunities to learn and practice together online and in real life. we also plan to offer these planners on a yearly basis for a long time to come. we've reached our stretch goal! through a stretch goal we were able to work together to bring two features to the planners that weren't possible before we reached $80,000. you can see all of the details on the stretch goal in update #2 . now that we've crossed $80,000, all planners will include a satin ribbon bookmark and backers whose reward level included a planner or planners will be able to choose whether they want a green or grey cover in a post campaign survey. sacred ordinary days is the culmination of years of learning, listening, teaching, and walking alongside people who were hungry for peace, presence and purpose. my work as a spiritual director and a consultant for fellow entrepreneurs and non profit leaders is focused on helping people discern and do the work that they were uniquely called and created to do. it's based on my belief that the church is most fully the church when every person is fully him  or herself. my heart is to help people do their own work effectively, joyfully, and sustainably   no matter what their "work" is. sacred ordinary days is a liturgical day planner that combines a number of transformational tools, which have aided the spiritual journey of many christians, including mine. inside you will find resources and reflections for the beginner and the master alike on... the lectionary (we draw from the revised common lectionary) the seasons and holy days of the liturgical calendar, also called the christian calendar or the church calendar the daily office texts found in the book of common prayer the practice of crafting a “rule of life” a liturgical wheel calendar, redesigned to be elegantly simple and clear a prayer labyrinth to “walk” with your finger instead of your feet, also called a finger labyrinth along with these time tested tools for spiritual formation, our planner also incorporates layouts designed for productivity and focus. there are... three daily projects to focus your attention, with space to notate cues and rests or rewards for yourself. this allows you to recognize what each project’s catalyst or bottleneck is, as well as noticing what drains and refills your energy throughout each day, keeping you from burnout. a section for at a glance notes, journaling, or your to do list a section for your daily schedule some intentional white space at the bottom of each page during the campaign, you can get a free sample download of october to try for yourself at ww.sacredordinarydays.com . afterward, we'll offer you another way to dip you toe in for free. you'll be able to draw inspiration by viewing examples of how other people are using the flexible layouts, depending on their preferences and stage of life. we chose smyth sewn binding after much research, testing and deliberation. with this binding style, the pages open and lay flat, for ease and comfort while writing. plus, it slips into bags and blends into bookshelves the way a durable, beautiful book ought to. each week starts with a weekly plan page on the left and sunday on the right. the weekly plan page includes the liturgical season or holy day, a prayer or quote, the weekly lectionary texts, and space to reflect on the previous week and reset for the coming week. we invite you to look deeply at six areas of your life – spirit, body, mind, relationships, home, and work. sunday’s page has the liturgical season or holy day, a prayer, the daily office texts, a quote on sabbath, and space for journaling, sermon notes, scheduling, or whatever needs working out in your own life. the daily pages also follow a rhythm. they are paired monday and tuesday, wednesday and thursday, friday and saturday, each with the same design. this daily page design includes the liturgical season or holy day, a prayer, the daily office, daily projects, journal space, and schedule space. the planner will be a faithful guide and companion through all of the seasons in the liturgical year. we'll walk with you through advent, christmas, epiphany, lent, easter, and pentecost. at the beginning of each season there are four pages that include seasonal art, resources (symbols, decorations, articles, book references, etc.), plus space to envision how you'd like to embody this season in the six areas of your life and then reflect and reset for how you'd like to embody the season next time. inside the front cover you'll see our simplified and clarified version of the liturgical wheel calendar. from the outside rings inward are the months, liturgical seasons, and holy days. this should help you clearly visualize how the church calendar fits with your own calendar. the back inside cover features a prayer labyrinth paired with instructions on how and why to use it. this is a great tool for coming back to center throughout the day, which is why we wanted to include it in the planner. now that you know about the heart and vision of the planner, take a look at the rewards we've created to complement it. the sacred ordinary days essentials workbook pdf will be emailed to you. it features the most essential parts of the planner, including resources for each liturgical season, 2016 monthly layouts, and a blank week layout for you to fill in, as well as the "rule of life" section for the beginning and the end of 2016. these letterpress prints measure 12” x 12” and will be hand printed on 220 lb. 100% cotton paper. these limited edition fine art prints were carefully designed by artist hayley johnson and hand printed by virginia green at blackhare studio , a letterpress and fine art studio in waco, texas. they’ll be numbered and signed. the sacred ordinary days liturgical wheel calendar and prayer labyrinth were designed to be both functional and beautiful. they’ll be letterpressed with deep impressions for paper lovers (like us), for you to enjoy as graphic art on the wall and then take down to use. use the liturgical wheel calendar to visualize the liturgical seasons and how they fit into your year. trace around the prayer labyrinth with your finger or let your eyes “walk” as a meditation throughout the day. we have ours in record album frames without glass, easy to take down and use or admire the deep impressions, no glare. if you’re new to either of these tools, don’t worry – they’ll each come with instructions. you already know most of the important information by now, but here are the final brass tacks details. sacred ordinary days is 7.75” x 8.75” x 1.25” with pages that are 7.5” x 8.5". the velvety scratch proof cover has withstood all our tests for spills, scratches, and normal wear and tear. the planner is a 13 month edition that runs from november 29, 2015 (the beginning of advent) through december 2016. two hours with jenn giles kemper and a small group of your choice    your weekly small group, church staff, or whomever you like. if you're near waco, texas or want to cover travel, i'll come to you. if not, we'll meet by video chat. we can talk about spiritual practices, the liturgical calendar, avoiding burnout, or even the planner itself   whatever would be most helpful. our epiphany retreat will take place in waco, texas january 15 17, 2016. we'll gather at 7pm on friday, january 15th and end at 5pm on sunday, january 17th. dinner on saturday night will be included. sleeping accommodations and other meals are not included, but options will be made available. i'm jenn giles kemper and i'm a spiritual director and a consultant for fellow small business owners and non profit leaders. i've been an entrepreneur for 5 years, following years of ministry experience and studying in the religion department at baylor. creating this planner and prepping it to launch on  Jimmy Fraud  has been one of the hardest and most challenging things i've ever done. i'm so proud of what we've created together. you can see where we go from here at www.sacredordinarydays.com & www.jenngileskemper.com. you can connect with me on social media @jenngileskemper. don't forget to say hi! hayley johnson has been my right hand woman and graphic designer for this project. she began working with me shorty after graduating from baylor with a degree in graphic design. her hand can be seen through out this project in the form of design, layout, and artwork. actually, everything you hold in your hands will be the result of her incredible talent bringing my sketches and long winded explanations to life. you can see more of her work at www.hayleyjohnsoncreative.com . katie crews joined the team more recently, when we realized our to do list exceeded the time and energy we had before we needed to launch. she's our photographer and office manager. thanks to katie, we've been connecting with churches and schools that i wouldn't have had the energy to reach out to. and, our studio dance parties and instagram drool sessions are better. you can connect with katie & her photography best through her facebook page . hanna braud came on board after the campaign started and we realized that if we were going to steward this project and it's initial momentum well, that we'd need a little more help. hanna is a graphic designer and has been creating the marketing graphics so that hayley could focus on the planner content. she's also been helping with some website upgrades and outreach. hanna's work is at www.hannabrauddesign.com . grant kemper is an engineer by day, and the cfo of my business on evenings and weekends. (no, that wasn't in our marriage vows.) he has diligently created spreadsheets and made many pots of tea, both extremely valuable. grant's also the one you'll talk to for bulk orders and international shipping. we wouldn't have been able to bring this project to life without the gracious and totally pro collaborators listed above. john at capital printing in austin, texas has stuck with us through our endless questions and our many requests. john and lynne have been dedicated to making this planner the highest quality possible. through our relationship with them, we're working with a binder in texas, too. robert from fullwrite creative in waco, texas created the beautiful video at the intro of the campaign (up there a the top of the page). he blew us away with his ability to compile our long winded story into a compelling and beautiful 4 minutes and 33 seconds. what a wonderful storyteller! virginia from blackhare studio in robinson, texas is working on our letterpress prints. we got to spend an afternoon at her beautiful studio and see her vintage presses and drawers and drawers of type. we're dreaming up new ways to work more letterpress into our lives. we are thankful to work with folks who have been encouraging, joyful and able to provide us with the best of the best! risks and challenges for those unfamiliar with  Jimmy Fraud , the main risk was that if this project didn’t meet the minimum funding goal of $20,000, then the printed edition of the planner wouldn’t get made for 2016. that’s why sharing the project with your friends is just as helpful as contributing. thanks for being a part of our tribe in that way! reaching our $20,000 goal in the first 52 hours meant that we knew it would happen. you can get other backer questions answered at https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/help/faq/backer+questions . for example, if you scroll down to "how do i pledge?" you will find written instructions and a video on how to select your reward. we’re working with an incredible team of collaborators on the printing and binding of the planner, as well as the letterpress prints. you can read more about them above. our main challenge is the turn around time for the production of the planner. the printing and binding will take 4 6 weeks, which may mean that it’s not possible to get the planners on your doorstep before advent (and the planner) begins. we’ll be doing everything in our power to make that possible, of course. we’ve got a whole group of supporters ready to pack and mail your rewards with love as soon as we get them from our production partners. that’s why we’ve set december 2015 as the estimated delivery date and not november 2015, even though that’s our goal. we always want to under promise and over deliver. feel free to contact our team by using the link underneath our faq section or through our website at www.sacredordinarydays.com . thank you! jenn, hayley, katie (& grant) learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 