scriptionif an adventurer's heart lies within you, please join us, explore with us, and pledge your support to help us finish this incredible documentary about the universal power of hope and inspiration to catalyze change. roof of the world roof of the world is a stunning, soul searching adventure documentary about one man’s 4,000 mile quest across the himalayas in search of hope and inspiration in a rapidly changing world. facing his 50th birthday and at a difficult crossroads in life, well known himalayan national geographic expedition leader and legendary whitewater guide gerry moffatt decides to embark on an epic solo adventure across the length of the himalayas – from ladakh to bhutan – on motorcycle, kayak, and foot. having lived and worked for over 32 years in the region, moffatt is both cynical and reflective about the changes that have taken place in his own life, as well as in the places that have become his second home. armed with more doubt than certainty about the future, he steps off the beaten path in an attempt to rediscover a reason for hope. over the next 108 days, what he experiences is a moving testimony to the power of the human spirit and a gorgeous tribute to the beauty of our planet’s most legendary mountain chain and the local heroes living there, determined to carve meaningful lives out of an uncertain future. filmed independently last august november with only one cameraman or self shot for weeks at at a time, roof of the world takes audiences on an old fashioned adventure   the kind you can plan, but never really predict. from ladakh, india to the eastern edge of bhutan, you will experience an intimate glimpse of the himalayas rarely afforded average visitors. join moffatt for his treacherous 180 mile solo kayak across haunting, remote high altitude rivers on the tibetan plateau. motorcycle across 17,000 foot mountain passes in a desperate bid to outrace a dropping snow line that threatens to trap moffatt on the wrong side of the himalayas. discover fascinating behind the scenes stories about the heyday of adventure travel in the himalayas   from fame and glory to the dark side of success. meet surprising local heroes working tirelessly to battle poverty, misogyny, and pollution to create a better future. and share in a universal story about the desire to find meaning in life. sunrise. nepal what we've accomplished so far... raised $60,000 last year from a small group of amazing angels, professional colleagues, and friends to cover principal photography. secured gear sponsorships from kokatat, werner paddles, royal robbins, and smartwool. organized, launched and filmed 108 expedition days covering 4,000 miles across india, nepal, and bhutan from september   december 2014. wrote 17 travel essays and posted 3 video shorts from the field, reaching over 42,000 readers in 3 months. earned media coverage from men's journal including a launch interview in mj.com and a feature article "racing across the top of the world" in men's journal, may 2015 adventure issue. our budget went entirely to cover direct filming costs including transportation, camera equipment, lodging, food, our one part time cameraman, and fuel. we didn't pay ourselves in making this film and   like many independent film makers   have bootstrapped ourselves along because we believe passionately in our work and the future of our new non profit, thunder dragon (more on that below!) what will this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign help us do? get roof of the world to the finish line! we are ready to begin post production! we need a minimum of $25,000 to : film an important 3 day pick up shoot in edinburgh finish our film edit, including sound & color correction begin serializing our content for a new web series according to cultural weekly, the average cost of making an independent film was $750,000. we're making roof of the world for a fraction of that... mainly because we're scrappy, obsessed about our mission, and committed to making sure every penny ends up on the screen (oh and we're calling in every favor owed us since 4th grade, so if you know us...watch out :) $25,000 is the minimum we need to simply finish the film. that said, we are committed to making the best film possible. we would like to submit roof of the world to film festivals worldwide, develop a soundtrack worthy of the story and gorgeous imagery, and share it with the widest audience possible. this all takes $$. so even if we meet our minimum fundraising goal, please help us keep pushing to reach these "stretch goals"! and before we go any further, we'd love to thank our expedition sponsors royal robbins, kokatat, smith optics and a dozen private individuals without whom we would never have gotten off the ground. to entertain. to inspire. to educate. to protect. roof of the world is not just "another" documentary film. it's part of a multi pronged strategy from our non profit organization thunder dragon fund to promote the economic, environmental and social resilience of the himalayan adventure travel industry   so that our planet's most legendary mountain communities survive and thrive for the benefit of future generations. this is the first of many projects from thunder dragon. we're committed to winning hearts and minds to care about the future of our planet's most legendary adventure destinations. working with a world class community of expedition leaders, filmmakers, writers, entrepreneurs, philanthropists, travelers, and athletes, we: produce compelling adventure based film, digital, and publishing content that educates and inspires audiences to care about preserving our planet's legendary adventure destinations and the people who live there. partner with ngos and policymakers in bhutan to advocate for, implement, and model responsible adventure tourism policies and best practices that support sustainable growth. train a new generation of mindful adventure guides through our world class himalayan guide training course focused on teaching field skills, required technical certifications, and environmentally responsible business practices. work with a select group of quality ngo partners in nepal and bhutan to pilot youth service and education programs that address outdoor awareness, jobs training, and the empowerment of young women from rural villages. thunder dragon is a u.s. incorporated 501c3 non profit, based in the amazing community of sun valley, idaho. please visit our web site, learn about us, and join our growing family. http://www.thunderdragonmedia.org/ we are passionate, experienced, pragmatic idealists. we are problem solvers, helpers, leaders, team mates, worker bees and visionaries. we are adventurers, explorers, and storytellers. we are a growing community of like minded people creatively working together to preserve and protect some of our planet's most awe inspiring places for the benefit of future generations...before it's too late. our co founders gerry moffatt and pia saengswang bring over 45+ years of world class experience in the fields of adventure travel, expedition filmmaking, writing, education, non profit management, advocacy, grassroots organizing, and social entrepreneurship. gerry moffatt is considered "the most experienced whitewater guide in the himalayas" by national geographic. he's done first descents of rivers all over the himalayas, started whitewater adventure companies in nepal and pakistan, led multiple overland expeditions across the entirety of africa and asia, paddled the legendary susitna, alsek, and stikine rivers, and climbed everest twice for film productions (from both north and south cols). he’s helped pioneer ski descents in greenland, south america and alaska, and opened up whitewater tourism in bhutan, pakistan, and sikkim. gerry's worked for decades with the world's best outdoor cinematographers both in front and behind the camera, making multiple films for discovery, outdoor life and national geographic. gerry moffatt, expedition leader you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 pia saengswang brings over 20 years of senior leadership experience in philanthropic strategy and management, education, advocacy, and social entrepreneurship. she helped to launch the first social entrepreneur focused venture fund in the united states – the echoing green foundation. egf has funded over 300+ non profit start ups worldwide in the environment, education, public health, and youth service. as one of the original directors at the broad foundation, a $1 billion los angeles based fund, pia developed and oversaw a portfolio of venture philanthropy initiatives focused on dramatically improving public education in the united states. as a strategy consultant, pia's clients have included the bill & melinda gates foundation and the college board. she's produced documentaries for the getty conservation institute and a multiple award winning student film at the american film institute. she attended mount holyoke college, harvard law school and the american film institute. she is on the boards of wild gift institute and the sun valley institute for resilience. pia saengswang, co founder/producer & writer whether you're here because you know us, heard about us, or just stumbled upon us....we're incredibly grateful for your interest. we hope our story resonates with you, no matter who you are. if you'd like to support us, please go to the top of our page and click the green button. the more backers the better!!!! we need as many people as possible to help us get funded, to get our work noticed, and to grow our strategic partnerships. thank you again and we'll keep you updated about our progress! filming in boudhanath kathmandu, nepal risks and challenges risks? challenges? hmm....let's see. make an independent documentary film? check. convince people to fund the expedition (or at least have them shake their heads behind your back after they write you an absolutely necessary donation)? check. film it in 3 foreign countries? check. film it in the most remote, hard to access, rugged areas of those three countries....in a region otherwise known as the himalayas? check. decide it's got to be on motorcycle across 4,000 miles from one end of the himalayas to the other? check. decide it's got to be a vintage motorcycle that weighs 500 kilos fully loaded? check. throw in a 180 mile whitewater paddle at 14,000 feet altitude? in the middle of the worst weather in 50 years? check. decide to trek the annapurnas during the worst avalanche disaster ever recorded there? check. film for 108 days in the field? check. do it on less than $30 a day? check. do it solo? check. oh....and for the finale...have your expedition leader/main character come back after 108 days of filming and immediately shatter his leg skiing, requiring 4 surgeries in 7 days with 26 screws, 4 plates, and a skin graft to fix? check. luckily, we did all that already!!!!!!!!!! (no joke) we've successfully accomplished the riskiest and most challenging part of roof of the world   we filmed it. under all of those crazy, but very real conditions. now we're facing the challenges of the home stretch....raising the $ we need to finish, making our story come alive, and convincing the world it's worth seeing. we. are. ready. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 