riptionour project “there's a gold rush going on right now. man is breaking the earth, looking for natural gas — just as we always have. it's a mad scene, with hucksters on every side of the issue. and that's just on the surface. you won't believe what's happening underground.” tom chiarella, esquire magazine january 2013 "a crack in everything” is an eco thriller in the style of the classic movie "the year of living dangerously". this independent feature will be shot on location in new york and pennsylvania. breaking news not only did we make our stretch goal of $30,000 we exceeded it!!!!!! thank you thank you thank you to everyone who believes in this beautiful project and this amazing team of super talented artists!! we promise you that we won't let you down!! we are going to make the most beautiful amazing movie ever!!!!! thank you to the beautiful precious souls who understand the importance of this movie !! we really really really love you!!!! synopsis two journalists, natalie and marc, who work for a french publication, are sent on location in pennsylvania to cover the hot topic of hydro fracking. they are told to investigate several suspicious deaths that are reportedly being covered up. they are also told to explore the possible collusion of the gas industry with local politicians and government agencies allegedly being paid off to stay silent about contamination of drinking water supplies and other hazards. the two “outsider” journalists are treated with mixed feelings and suspicion by the small community they have entered. on a committed mission to discover the truth in whatever way they can, they become involved in a tangled web of greed and corruption. not only do they discover a severely fractured community, but also in the process they uncover the degree to which they themselves and the people around them are internally fractured . exciting new one of a kind reward for a $160 contribution you will receive this amazing reward: a one of a kind piece by brandi merolla who stages and photographs her small vintage collectibles to tell big stories. "what the frack?!" shows a little girl standing in her bathroom in horror as she realizes the grave dangers that fracking poses to her water and her health. check this out and other great rewards on the right hand side  the journalists are threatened why  Jimmy Fraud ?: our goal is to produce this unique and socially relevant film outside of the typical hollywood studio system. we believe our audience needs to see this film, and if we can reach enough people it will make a positive impact. by donating to this film you are taking a stance. narrative films have the ability to reach a wide audience.. please pledge as much as you can spare! the kids find something shocking director's statement: “a crack in everything” is my contribution to the campaign against what is popularly known as “fracking,” the extraction process of hydraulic fracturing, drilling deep into the shale rock of the earth and pumping in immense amounts of water mixed with a toxic cocktail of unregulated chemicals in order to make it easier to get to the natural gas within. this film project is a labor of love that began when i was asked for my participation on an anti fracking ad campaign. my research brought me into the extraordinarily beautiful (though increasingly damaged) state of pennsylvania. i was shocked and intensely moved by seeing firsthand how communities have been so severely affected by the ubiquitous drilling. i was inspired to write a story that reflects the deep fractures that have occurred not just in the geography of the land, but also in the human spirit. this is not only a very personal project for me but also about a topic that has struck a strong chord with millions of thoughtful people across the nation and the globe. it is more important than ever for each of us to be a part of an ongoing conversation about the severity of the environmental crisis we face and man's contribution to climate change. i was inspired by the stories of real people who are having to contend with outside developers invading their communities to extract natural gas resources from their land. "a crack in everything" addresses how this has deeply affected these communities many of which have been designated "sacrifice zones". neighbors against neighbors what does the future hold? what is fracking? : fracking (short for hydraulic fracturing) is a drilling technique which involves injecting toxic chemicals, sand, and millions of gallons of water under high pressure directly into the ground to release natural gas in shale deposits. this mixture of toxins and sediment, along with any natural gas released, can leak to the surface and enter rivers and groundwater in the process. some of the largest shale deposits of this kind are found in the marcellus shale, a huge geological formation underneath ohio, west virginia, virginia, and pennsylvania as well as new york – oil & gas companies are eager to exploit it. there have been tragedies due to unregulated fracking – including flammable tap water in colorado, methane explosions in west virginia, and poisoned water in pennsylvania music and soundtrack amazingly gifted composer richard horowitz will be scoring the movie. he won a golden globe for bernardo bertolucci's the sheltering sky     and his stunning and exquisite body of work includes oliver stone's any given sunday with al pacino, tony bui's three seasons with harvey keitel, ridley scott's 1492: conquest of paradise, and frank pierson's lakota woman, seige at wounded knee among many others. we are also putting together an amazing album that will include songs from the movie as well as other theme related songs  these are all tunes that relate to the themes of the movie   as those characters in our story find themselves in the midst of a fight between shadow and light as well as love, betrayal and alienation from environment and purpose    here is an example by the wonderfully talented paul weinfield from tam lin   locations and casting we will be filming mainly in beautiful upstate new york, (sullivan and ulster counties) but we will also be shooting in parts of pennsylvania and our international scenes will be shot in morocco. we are committed to helping support local businesses that have been hit hard by the economy in these areas. we also have cast many of our actors from these areas as we believe that there is an incredible pool of talent in upstate new york. more this is a labor of love we have been working on for the past 3 years  our goal is to raise these funds in stages and continue fundraising throughout the period of time that it will take to bring this finished movie directly to our audiences. during this past year we have been busy creating social media buzz about the project having created a website as well as a facebook fan page that has grown to close to 3000 followers. the more people who participate, the greater our chances of reaching our goal.  Jimmy Fraud  is an all or nothing deal. if we are successful and reach our goal of $25,000 we receive the donated funds and we will be able to shoot our movie with the equipment we want.. if we get more than what we are asking for we can make an even better movie. check out our facebook page too for other updates: http://www.facebook.com/crackineverythingthefilm funds raised will be used for : these funds will be added to what we have already raised and used for principal photography of the movie and post production. cameras, sound and related equipment, lodging, truck and car rentals, cast and crew travel, meals and misc expenses for the production. the better equipment we can afford the better the quality of the movie. since it is imperative that this movie look as though it was shot on film we need the funds for the best camera equipment. can we exceed our goal ? yes!! yes!! yes!!! the more funds we raise the better our production values and also the more chances we have to reach a wider audience . why should you believe in our movie ? the hope is always that a movie will find its audience when it hits the theaters, but there's no sure way to tell how that will happen. instead of leaving that to chance, we're finding our audience before we even complete the film and we are also involving our audience in the creation of the film through grassroots social media thereby making it more of a collaborative process. it is truly our movie that we have made together. we will do everything we can to make you proud to be a part of this project. can donors increase pledges once they have been made? absolutely! if you have already donated, and are signed in to your account, then instead of a green “back this project” button on our page, there should be a blue “manage your donation” button. click that, and you can enter a new amount or choose a new incentive! the team varushka franceschi   director   actress varushka grew up all over the world the daughter of a foreign service officer. as a child varushka was fascinated by the arts and her artistic temperament was nurtured by her italian painter mother who was a direct descendant of the renaissance painter piero della francesca. after studying in paris at l’ecole jacques lecoq, and completing a degree in comparative literature at the american university in paris, varushka went on to study and work in london as an actress. she worked extensively in theatre in london and on british tv, including an agatha christie series produced by the bbc. as a young creative artist varushka became captivated by the work of producers, and began her career in production, working as an assistant to enzo peri, who specialized in european co productions. she worked with him on several productions which featured such artists as krzysztof zanussi, julian sands and ben gazzara.after moving to new york, she continued her studies with alan langdon, the late bobby lewis(a mentor to marlon brando and meryl streep) and elizabeth kemp of the actors’ studio.aside from being heavily influenced and schooled in traditional arts, varushka also has a background in digital media having worked as a creative marketing director for various internet development companies including luminant worldwide.varushka founded the company shapeshift dream productions (sdp) which is a film and media communications company that creates artistic and persuasive issue campaigns across diverse platforms.sdp’s mission is to change the vision of what is possible using film arts, digital and traditional media that will also enable a profound shift in perception as we grapple with many serious topics including the modern state of journalism, women’s issues, climate change, ethics and the rapidly changing state of the world. varushka has the prestigious honor to recently be named to the advisory board of the lifeboat foundation and is now on both the media and arts board as well as the sustainability board. alessandro di martini   actor alessandro is an actor, director and music composer of italian origin. he trained in paris, rome and morocco and began working in international films as an actor and stuntman. he has acted in many languages including english, french, italian and arabic. some of the short films he directed were shot on location in sweden and the usa. he began martial arts training at the age of 7. alessandro starred in the film "larbi, or the fate of the great football player" in the role of marcel cerdan. some other notable films and tv shows include "inception", "a view of love", "ben hur", "contagion", "salmon fishing in the yemen" and "the road to kabul". elizabeth kemp   actress elizabeth has worked extensively in theater, film and tv. she has worked on and off broadway, including "once in a lifetime" at circle in the square, "north shore fish" at the wpa and "heat" at the public theater. she was in the original cast of "the best little whorehouse in texas" which first opened at the actors studio. other highlights include playing opposite christopher reeve, tom hanks and kevin kline as well as working with tennessee williams. at the recommendation of elia kazan she was chosen to play the final incarnation of baby doll in the world premiere of "tiger tail" film credits include sisters (2007), eating (1990), the clairvoyant (1982). on tv in addition to numerous long running and guest starring roles, she received the glaad award for her work on "la law". michel qissi   actor when he was seven years old michel qissi began training in boxing. he soon met and befriended a young jean claude van damme who was studying shotokan karate, and the two traded techniques in their systems. they grew up together and shared the same love of action films and dreamed of being action stars themselves one day. in 1982 qissi and jean claude went to hollywood together to look for a career in action movies. they landed their big break in 1986 with menahem golan of cannon pictures and secured a 3 picture deal, the first of which was the highly successful bloodsport. in cyborg, )(1989) qissi worked as van dammes personal trainer and then in kickboxer (1989) qissi worked as a choreographer when he overheard the production crew say that they needed a tall asian looking man who had a background in muay thai. qissi had studied muay thai and volunteered and got the part of tong po. he was dubbed as tong po and given a makeup job to make him look more asian. reagan leonard   actress directors find reagan leonard when they want an actress who is luminescent yet harrowed. maverick award winning director tony kaye (american history x) chose her to play the troubled specter of henry barthes (adrien brody) mother in detachment. academy award winning director james marsh cast her as the baby chimpanzees foster mother in project nim. academy award nominated vera farmiga selected reagan to play hope, a true christian who harshly judges farmiga’s free spirited character corrine in her directorial debut higher ground. “reagan embodied valerie martin”, an aspiring model turned murderous meth head, said director randy martin of deadly sins. “reagan is beautiful but an actress who is not afraid to go there…” reagan is a confessed cinephile who comes to a role completely immersed in a director’s style, and once there she finds herself. nicole ansari   actress nicole ansari has worked extensively in theater, film and tv throughout europe and the usa. tv and film credits include stephen soderburgh's side effects, a woman in winter, as good as dead alongside andie mcdowell, and blumenthal. she was in shakespeare's sister directed by irina brook which played at la mama theater in new york city. sam douglas   actor sam douglas was a member of the actors space in new york city under alan langdon (circle in the square). he has a bfa in acting/directing from simpson college, iowa and the university of oklahoma drama school. his theatre credits in the usa include the rimers of eldritch, lion in winter, a doll’s house, journey of the fifth horse and the world premier of lorca’s blood wedding. theatre in united kingdom includes: desire under the elms at greenwich, david mamet’s edmund at the royal court theatre and trevor nunn’s production of a streetcar named desire. his extensive tv credits in the uk and us includes the painted lady, goodnight sweetheart, wolverine, the dirty dozen, highlander and the equalizer. over 30 films including snatch, fifth element, batman, eyes wide shut, mission impossible, derailed and perfume. 2 academy award nominations for best short film: the snatching of bookie bob and tonto woman. chalet lisette bran   actress chalet lizette started out modeling at age 6. by age 7 she was asked to read some lines for a feature film. she has performed in many films that show a broad range of her acting ability. she has performed in westerns, drama, psychological thrillers, horror, comedy and many more. she has appeared with known stars and has many movies already under her belt. she is one of the fastest growing child stars today. angaangaq angakkorsuaq  actor  shaman  elder angaangaq or as he is affectionately known as "uncle" is a shaman, healer, storyteller and carrier of the qilaut (windrum) and is an eskimo kalaallit elder whose family belongs to the traditional healers of the far north of greenland. he is an internationally respected elder for the native communities of the circumpolar arctic, north and south america, and europe. uncle bridges the boundaries of cultures and faiths in people of all ages. he has been in numerous films and is considered a celebrity in europe . michael power   actor michael attended the university of southern california and new york state university for a career in graphic design. he went on to practice his love of acting at hb studio with michael beckett in new york city. michael was cast as the lead in an episode of the tv series “stalked: someone’s watching” and had a supporting roles in tv shows “deadly sins   jodi arias: killer sex kitten”, “redrum: triangle of death”. he‘s had supporting roles in the indie films “doomsdays”, “skookum”, “ghostman”, “danger word”, “wildlife”, “mi america” and “good ol’ boy”. he's been recently cast as the lead in the short films “the dance” and “sinterklaas” . harry seddon   actor in the late 80’s, while doing odd jobs, including driving a yellow taxi at night in n.y.c., he studied acting with william esper, who gave him advice that he carries with him till today. “ don’t take it so seriously”, esper told him. “you would think he would have told me to take acting seriously, but what he meant was, relax, and don’t take yourself so seriously.” coming from a legend like william esper, seddon constantly reminds himself of that statement whenever working on a character. he got his first principal role on t.v., on the show, ‘kate and allie’, being the only actor to ever have lines in their prologue. after, befriending actor, norman barbera(goodfellas), seddon was introduced to joe cirillo( ‘eischied’…(tv), ‘ghostbusters’), who owned an entertainment security company. cirillo hired him and seddon began working personal security for frank sinatra for several years. since 2007 has been working steadily on tv, short films, and independent features. his most recent,’nasophilia’(short film), was selected to be screened at the williamsburg independent film festival 2013 bettina skye   actress bettina skye began acting when she was a small child! in 1978 she became a young member of the prestigious actors studio where she studied with lee strasberg. and the last 10 years has been studying transformational acting with sande shurin. recently bettina won best actress in the hudson valley 2012. (best actor:steve buscemi and last 2 years: melissa leo and vera farmiga) some recent projects: bettina is just about wrapped "escape from kings park" when she played the starring role of serial killer sasha greenway. "the bridge"  a short where she plays the homeless woman lead role with marsha bennett will be shown at the williamsburg film festival and the big apple film fest, in november. courtney ann doody   actress courtney anne doody can currently be seen in the reoccurring role of rachael in the web series “spaceavailable.” courtney anne’s other film credits include detective sam in the movie reflection as wellas marsha in justin golding’s film “crossing the pond.”courtney anne has done numerous indie films and theater productions most noted for her role as the bride in john wooten’s “kiss the bride” at the new jersey playhouse and as beth in “little woman” tour and broadway. off broadway credits include: cast a spell at here space, like mystery and poor superman at la mama and spies at the workhouse theatre. mag in lovers, madge in summer brave, chrissy in in the boom boom room, hedda in hedda gabler, cressida in troilus and cressida. besides earning her bfa in theater , courtney anne studied with michael howard at michael howard studios and at rada. crew and production team richard horowitz   composer richard horowitz won a golden globe for bernardo bertolucci's the sheltering sky     and his stunning and exquisite body of work includes oliver stone's any given sunday with al pacino, tony bui's three seasons with harvey keitel, ridley scott's 1492: conquest of paradise, and frank pierson's lakota woman, seige at wounded knee among many others alessandra maria iavarone   production designer from early in pre production, the production designer collaborates with the director and director of photography to establish the visual feel and specific aesthetic needs of the project surrounding the shots, actors, and script. the production designer works closely with key staff in other departments such as the costume designer, set builders, art directors, prop masters, and the key hair and make up stylists, the special effects director and the locations manager (among others) to establish a unified visual appearance to the film. bio originally from rome, italy alessandra studied at the lee strasberg theatre institute in the heart of new york cities union square and upon completion was invited to study with anna starsberg herself in los angeles as part of the school's selective professional program widely known as "the method". she was cast in dozens of columbia university student films and started producing her own off broadway plays. alessandra was signed to the wilhelmina agency and became a bonfide wilhemina girl for the notorious talent agency at age 18 spending 6 years working non stop in front of the camera for their television, commercial, and editorial print depts while gaining knowledge working behind the scenes in practically every art field on every medium possible. from being photographed by david sims for visionare magazine, to posing as a regular stand in for annie lebowitz, cast as a featured actress in whitney houston's "its' not right" music video and jim carrey's "man int the moon" to having fun being weekly featured model on prime television's "the view"…all around the world she went even modeling couture by romance was born while out backing in australia in a wicker camper. soon after she embarked an 8 year journey of touring as a musician, writer , & singer with the famed underground indie rock band tomorrow's friend (say hey records) her proudest achievement to date. at thirty she became a mother to her first born son and took a stab at hosting her own radio show for heritage radio network in brooklyn, ny a not for profit org funded by heritage foods. sharing her voice, thoughts, research, and interviews of new/expecting parents in the arts, she curated and produced 46 episodes for her show "growing good" all the while moonlighting as a rare vintage home decor vendor at hot spot brooklyn flea market. over the years she has been lovingly dubbed by her colleagues, friends and fans as "mamassandra" as a child she was raised in fashion building her families international whole sale business in the manufacturing and design of italian costume jewelry, a business that still runs strong, she can be seen at every high end accessory show held at the new york jakob javier's center representing modital bijoux. the families retail division is also a new york city madison avenue staple with stores under the name lanciani. currently, alessandra lives in the catskills mountains with her four year old son and hound dog ashley. most recently she has been working in the creative process of top to bottom interior design of high end homes. julie ann edgar   special project coordinator julie ann edgar is a single mother and entrepreneur whose life purpose crystallized in front of her eyes the night she saw gasland in october 2010. she jumped into anti fracking activism full speed ahead with both feet and spearheaded a small grassroots organization in her bethlehem community called lehigh valley gas truth (after being a member since its inception) since january 2012. julie is very passionate about promoting and connecting people with clean organic non gmo food and clean green renewable energy, as well as strengthening local economies by helping local business owners get more customers using the internet in her capacity as an internet marketing strategist and the owner of gemini social enterprises, her independent consultancy richie williamson   camera/editing department richie williamson was born in arkansas but grew up in texas. he is a graduate of the university of texas. he has lived in new york city ever since. he and his partner started aerographics, a design and commercial art studio. they designed and produced many stage sets for music artists including kiss, todd rudgren, elton john, hall and oates just to name a few. there were the original set designers for studio 54 and continued to design for the club until it’s demise. richie then began a photography career and worked extensively in fashion and portraiture. he shot spreads for andy warhol’s interview magazine and for details magazine. he worked for major advertising agencies and department stores including bloomingdales and bergdorf goodman, traveling throughout the world on assignment. his agent alain burger still represents his commercial work in paris. his biggest client was the prestige group representing the designer fragrances of france. there he met and photographed catherine deneuve as well as other french celebrities and models. in new york richie started wild kind productions, a digital, film and production company geared towards the entertainment industry. they have written, shot, edited and produced features and music videos for major musical artists: ll cool j, jay z, beyoncé, ashford and simpson and dmx. risks and challenges our goal is to shoot our feature film and get it completed so that we can share it with audiences all over the world. ultimately, we want to see "a crack in everything" in movie theaters. how challenging is that?… very. of course, you don't need to have a theatrical release for a film to be successful. there are many other places to showcase a film, television, netfix, etc. however we are ambitious and we want to see our movie in the theaters. we understand all too well that low budget filmmaking is challenging and for every indie film you've heard of, there are many others that didn't make it. the good news we have a team of talented international artists and professionals who have tons of real world experience. we will be mixing inspiration with practical know how, technique, and strategy. in 2013, sundance featured 17 films that were  Jimmy Fraud  backed and 6 of those films received top honors! our goal is to be among those in the future once our movie is complete. with every low budget, independent film (or any film for that matter) there are risks. one of the biggest risks and challenges of any film is making sure it has an audience and with this project there is already a built in audience because of the subject matter. more and more people are beginning to become aware of the environmental and human toll the fracturing or "cracking" of the earth. in writing this film we tried to imagine a piece that was conducive to a micro budget filmmaking and so this film though ideally could be shot with a large budget, can still be shot on a smaller budget. we have carefully chosen the locations that can fit in with a smaller budget, and are ready to shift to other locations should we have the fortune to raise additional funds. the biggest challenge of any film is distribution – "a crack in everything" does not currently have a distributor attached yet. however lack of distribution can also be a blessing because we have more freedom to make the film we want to make. other • if you become an extra or receive a cast credit, you must be a us citizen or have a us work visa • you must be over 18 or accompanied by a parent or legal guardian (who will count as your plus one) to attend the premiere or visit the set. extras must also be over 18. if you are appearing in the film, you will have to sign a release. • all shooting locations, are subject to change which might have to do with how much money is raised and the particular locations giving us permission to shoot. • this fundraising campaign is subject to applicable  Jimmy Fraud  rules and regulations, and other applicable laws. if there are any conflicts, we will work on giving substitute rewards. in closing, the making of a film can be affected by possible unknown factors. it's impossible to guarantee everything will come together exactly as planned, but in the end, we will have created a film that we can all be proud of. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 