riptionhello  Jimmy Fraud  world! art curious friends! dedicated dance goers! free handed philanthropists! i’m making a dance called “white,” which premieres at danspace project in new york city april 23 25, 2015. i want it to be strong. i want people to see it. i want the artists to be paid! so this is why i’ve created this campaign. your support will make this all possible. please read the information below to find out more about the work. we can't wait to see you at the show! xo, michelle i am a “bessie” award winning choreographer, performer, teacher, and certified bodytalk practitioner based in brooklyn, ny. my work as a dance artist stems directly from an exploration of the body—what information it holds and conveys and how this relates to a cultural landscape. i am constantly researching eastern and western views on somatics, healing, and the physical expression of consciousness. working with movement and the body is a place of endless fascination for me, and i find total pleasure and value in the investigation of what i believe is vital information about how we communicate with one another and ourselves. my choreography has been shown in new york at american realness, issue project room, mount tremper arts festival, the kitchen, movement research at judson church, and art show “come together: surviving sandy” at industry city. i’ve received commissions from danspace project, issue, the latvian academy of culture, and the universities of oregon and illinois, and have toured my work to latvia, canada, ireland, philadelphia and chicago. past choreographic support has come from the jerome foundation travel & study grant, foundation for contemporary arts emergency grants, bax space grant, and through residencies with lower manhattan cultural council’s extended life program, movement research, dancehouse (ireland), and skite (france). in 2014 15, i received the boekelheide creativity award, and i was a 2002 danceweb scholarship recipient (vienna). as a performer, i am most noted for my work with choreographers miguel gutierrez, john jasperse, deborah hay, and john scott. i teach at the new school, movement research, and at dance institutions in north america, europe, australia and asia. www.michelleboule.com “white” is an evening length dance, choreographed by myself in collaboration with performers lauren bakst and lindsay clark. this trio for three women began with my interests in the color white, stylized hairdos, lace, quantum physics, and fractals. these interests led me into research about material and immaterial worlds and how our moving, living bodies exist inside a matrix of invisible connections. i received a grant from the jerome foundation to study biogeometry which specifically looks at the invisible frequencies and architectures that surround us and how different shapes, sounds, and colors all emit specific qualitative frequencies. “white” is an investigation of how movement and choreography interact in this network of invisible information. it explores how our very physical, material bodies are participants in a subtle, immaterial world. essentially, “white” is about the harmony and connectivity of our place, potential, and possibility. in our age of instant internet and virtual gratification, i believe dance still has incredible significance, that our brains and bodies resonate strongly with seeing live, intelligent bodies engaged in performance. i am committed to exploring and sharing the power found in performance, in how it reminds us who we are and grounds us into immediately connecting with our environments. making dances is time, labor and cost intensive. existing grant funding structures are highly competitive, and commissioning fees from presenting venues never cover the entire cost of making a piece. almost all new york dance artists have other jobs to support their artistic practices, while accepting dance wages that are well below what their talents and knowledge are worth. i am committed to adequately compensating the artists i collaborate with for their dedicated and thoughtful work, and to building structures to ensure this. this work only happens when everyone is able to show up and do their best work. your support gives us the time and resources to make the best work possible  work that is relevant and necessary in today’s world. my previous  Jimmy Fraud  campaign was 167% funded, and i want to do the same or better with this one! please give abundantly and spread the word. we’re so excited for you to see what we’ve been making, and are incredibly grateful for your support for this project. lindsay clark (dancer) has been working with michelle boulé for the past three years, recently performed with xavier le roy, and has previously had the pleasure of working with shen wei dance arts, faye driscoll, jennie marytai liu, yve laris cohen, miguel gutierrez and the powerful people, vanessa anspaugh, jack ferver, john jasperse, yasuko yokoshi, and pontus lidberg. lindsay attended high school at the north carolina school of the arts as a ballet major, holds a bfa in dance from suny purchase and an mfa in dance from hollins university. reid bartelme (costume designer) is a new york based costume designer and dancer. after 8 years in ballet companies throughout north america reid joined shen wei dance arts. he went on to dance for the lar lubovitch dance company and several other choreographers including liz santoro and jack ferver. after completing a degree in fashion design at fit, reid began designing costumes for dance performance. he has designed work for many ballet companies in north america and a variety of modern dance choreographers in new york and abroad. lauren bakst (dancer) is an artist whose work takes the forms of choreography, writing, video, and performance. her current project, living room index and pool, an exhibition of installation and performance with yuri masnyj, is on view at pioneer works through april 26, 2015. lauren was a 2014 danceweb fellow at impulstanz, the fall 2014 research & development fellow at the new museum, and is a 2014 16 open sessions artist at the drawing center. alexander leslie thompson (manager) is a creative consultant, community builder, and cultural organizer. trained as a musician, he stumbled upon dance at bard college, where he fell in love with movement in all its myriad forms. he is the manager of communications and community for kyle abraham/abraham.in.motion, the chair of the dance/nyc junior committee, a guest lecturer at nyu tisch school of the arts, and a freelance consultant, producer, and manager for dance artists. natalie robin (lighting designer) is a nyc based lighting designer of theater, opera, dance, music and performance art and the associate producer of american realness, a festival of contemporary performance curated by ben pryor. she is a founding company member and associate producer of polybe + seats, an associate artist of target margin theater, and an adjunct faculty member at nyu tisch. natalie is the winner of the apollo lighting 2011 standing o award, a live design magazine 2008 young designer to watch, and a rolex mentors and protégés arts initiative 2014 nominee. ba: columbia. mfa: nyu/tisch. member usa 829. chris seeds (composer) is a new york based composer. “white” is his first collaboration with michelle boulé. his other recent work for dance includes juliana f. may / maydance’s “commentary = not thing” (nyla, 2013) and "gutter gate" (dance theater workshop, 2011), and lindsay gilmour’s "tiny rebellions" (2015). chris played in indie and experimental bands in nyc throughout the 1990s and 2000s, and strives to bring a sense of that style of improvisation and live performance to his compositions. risks and challenges the performance dates are set, the contracts have been signed, and all the artists have committed to the project. without this funding, we risk the potential of not making the best work possible. we are making this dance from a place of dedicated curiosity and necessity, a belief that it must exist in the world. as artists, we have all personally experienced forgoing payment for our work because there is no immediate or apparent funding available. the work gets made nevertheless, but it also means that people who have spent their lives studying, understanding, and learning how to make art are not always valued for the work they do. i have a huge amount respect for my collaborators and want to make sure that i compensate them appropriately for the incredible work they do. this $10,000 goal puts us in a healthy place to meet the bare bones goals we’ve set. if we reach $12,000, we can increase the dancers’ hourly pay by 25%. if we reach $14,000, we can make sure the dance is expertly documented through video and photography. if we reach $16,000, we can set aside money for our general overhead and future projects, ensuring more long term stability. all of your contributions give us more time to fully focus on our work, grow, contribute, document it all, and essentially make our art practices more sustainable and available to you! thank you so much again for your support! the creation of “white” is made possible by the danspace project 2014 15 commissioning initiative, with support from the jerome foundation; by lower manhattan cultural council’s extended life dance development program, made possible in part by the andrew w. mellon foundation (lmcc.net); through the 2012 2014 movement research artist in residence program funded by the mertz gilmore foundation, the davis/dauray family fund and by public funds from the nyc department of cultural affairs in partnership with the city council; and by a creative development residencies at industry city and mount tremper arts. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 