iends, in september 2017, a canary torsi will have an unprecedented opportunity to present a trilogy of new works simultaneously at three different venues in new york city. this is the largest platform we have had for our work. we have gotten here through the trust of organizations and institutions but, most of all, because of audiences who have come together again and again to witness and participate in our making. our ask for this campaign—$20,000 —is big for a small arts organization. but fitting for the exciting challenge we have ahead of us… to bring you three works, in three weeks, with 23 artists, in new york. we are asking for you, our audience, community, friends, family and people new to our work to join us. cast, stage, author is a trilogy of new works to premiere september 7 23, 2017 at three commissioning new york city venues: the chocolate factory theater, abrons art center and the invisible dog art center. the project began with a series of recorded discussions (over 100 hours) with 15 performers about power dynamics in the act of performing and casting, and the complexities of representation. the subject of casting—how different bodies are represented and given power to represent—is ripe in our current culture as we question who gets to stand before us and represent us. the trilogy provides a poetic/fraught/political/intimate insight into the thoughts of performers about their representation and their relationship to the audience, you. cast brings together a different cast of four performers each night to devise a performance in front of an audience. the high stakes and the pressure of negotiation shape the cast in the presence of an audience. stage is a visual and aural fantasia that through an orchestration of theatrical devices asks how our vision is engorged/manipulated/seduced. author is a participatory installation that invites audiences to share their memories as spectators by interacting with the recordings of the performers through a computer game. $20,000 means we can move forward with our vision. it means that each collaborator receives a fair wage for their collaborative brilliance. it means we can bring what has been percolating in the studio, in our heads, and on our laptop screens, to life. it means that the extent of this request is large, but we are thinking and creating big, and we are asking you to dream (and give!) big with us. the trilogy furthers a canary torsi ’s longstanding examination of the relationship between artists and audiences in the performance making process. it persists in the idea that live performance is communal action. join us. * the team * a canary torsi is a performance group of dancers and designers formed by choreographer yanira castro that develop site adaptable, installation based performance projects. our work stems from a commitment to making dances that are not predetermined but radically impacted by the audience. artist & choreographer: yanira castro collaborators & performers: kyle bukhari, simon courchel, leslie cuyjet, devynn emory, iréne hultman, shayla vie jenkins, luke miller, sai somboon, david thomson, jeremy toussaint baptiste, pamela vail, tara aisha willis, darrin wright contributing artists: john hoobyar, heather olson installation/lighting: kathy couch ​ dramaturg: susan mar landau​ composer/programmer: stephan moore musicians: scott smallwood, suzanne thorpe video artist: peter richards transcribers: stormy budwig, emie hughes marketing assistant: tara sheena stage managers: lillie de, reilly horan past  Jimmy Fraud  projects the people to come (2012) photo of simon courchel by david bivins photo of luke miller by julieta cervantes court/garden (2014) photo of simon courchel by jose espaillat photo of audience and performers by maria baranova * credits * the creation of cast, stage, author is being made possible, in part, by generous commissions from the three presenting organizations: the chocolate factory, abrons art center and the invisible dog art center. it is also being made possible by the continuing support of the jerome foundation grant and by new music usa. the development of cast, stage, author is being made possible, in part, by yanira castro’s participation in lower manhattan cultural council’s extended life dance development program and the work is being developed as part of the program made possible in part by the andrew w. mellon foundation (lmcc.net). cast, stage, author is being researched, developed and honed with financial, administrative and residency support from the dance in process program at gibney dance with funds provided by the andrew w. mellon foundation.  Jimmy Fraud  edited by alex springer. special thanks to the lower manhattan cultural council for providing the space for the video shoots. risks and challenges the risks of any creative endeavor are great, but it is precisely for these reasons that it can mean so much, not only to those who are making the work but to the public who comes in contact with it. performance is a particularly risky endeavor   with large teams of collaborators and many hours of rehearsals and production expenses that include lights, costumes, live music, etc.. with cast, stage, author, we are expanding the boundaries of how we create, collaborate and produce our performance work. it’s exciting and, with that, it’s certainly risky. a canary torsi has many years of doing this work and many large projects under our belt. we have become well known for bringing ambitious projects to life. we know how to meet challenges. with your help we will do it again. thank you! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 