escriptionmake your own piece of furniture with this mini master class in upholstery skills, and a box full of supplies. it's an upholstery workshop experience right in your own home. a rewarding hands on project, and a creative outlet for students of all experience levels. you'll start with a box and end with a fab piece of furniture! not to mention a handy new skillset... we've made it so simple. just clear that bench/dining table, then... unpack your sturdy plywood and pine parts, metal hardware and precision cut upholstery supplies source your fabric, assemble your tools, or opt to include one or both accessory packs in your kit. log on for professional video tutorials refer to your handy print guide, and make your own notes as you go. jump up and down! you made a very excellent piece of furniture with your own two hands! intrigued? watch the video, learn more about furnish.ed and the atomic ottoman kit in the details below, and consider backing our project – it's a box full of fun, and your support is vital to our success. don't forget to tell your friends! we’ve placed 10 years of furniture making and teaching experience in a box, along with quality supplies to make your own piece of furniture. it can be done in a day, or in smaller steps and stolen moments. all you need to do is assemble your tools and clear the table. you can make it by yourself, or with a whole host of friends. the atomic ottoman kit is designed to be made with simple hand tools you've probably got at home   flat & phillips screwdrivers, pliers, hammer, fabric scissors. a medium duty staple gun from your local multinational hardware chain, a little time with a sewing machine. the base kit excludes final fabric. we wouldn’t dream of telling you what to wear, so we won’t tell you what to put on your furniture   but we promise the printed instructions will help you plan your own creative solution. we know upholstery is rewarding and addictive and we know you’ll find new projects you want to conquer. so we’ve made sure the atomic ottoman kit provides you with more than just a day of fun and a stylish piece of furniture. developed over 2 years of live workshops, testing and refinement, the atomic ottoman is more than just an upholstered seat. it’s a project specifically designed to teach you essential, professional upholstery techniques you’ll be able to use on future projects. it’s a mini master class in contemporary upholstery foundations, designed to create confidence and build core skills. we’re talking about key techniques you’ll use time after time in your new found obsession. let's not forget the awesome piece of furniture you'll have at the end of the day! far from being stuck in the past, the simplicity of the form makes it the perfect canvas for a variety of styles, so get ready to channel your inner designer. you’re wondering, if you buy the kit, will you really do it? or will it be one more ‘one day’ project at the bottom of a long to do list? we’ve had our own personal experience with ufos (un finished objects), and know that keeping you motivated is important, and like minded community can be key to staying inspired. the atomic ottoman kit is an exciting piece for you to make, a grounding in contemporary upholstery skills, and the first chapter of furnish.ed. turning our live workshop into an at home learning experience is our way of helping you transition from would be upholsterer to confident maker, wherever you are   by making things simple, and delivering it to your door. we can't do it alone, so we're engaging a crack team of professionals. to add to the excitement, we're collaborating with julie paterson of cloth fabric   her textiles are a favourite of ours and our students. ready to pledge for a piece of the action? read on for more details on specific rewards. if you’ve ever wondered about diy upholstery, wished for a reliable resource or a simple set of steps, the atomic ottoman kit is the answer. your support makes all the difference to us, so we’ve assembled a series of rewards to show our gratitude. from writing your name on our furniture, to sharing our dream planning notebook and collaborating with renowned designers for exclusive swag and special offers for founding alumni. select a reward today from the column on the right and we'll deliver it to your door   ready for you to enjoy on your time and your terms. whatever role you play in the class of 2018 we’ll be forever grateful you helped us reach our funding goal. fear not. once we have our 50 founders, there's still room in the class for you! if you love having the right tools for the trade, make sure you back a reward which includes our essential equipment, rather than track down your own motley crew of implements. we've assembled our favourites in a handy storage box, so all you have to do is dig up a sewing machine and source fabric + scissors. and clear that table. level up and select a kit within a kit! piecing and patching has always been our favourite way to work, and we've found a like mind to bring you a unique selection of textiles so you can create something truly special. we've organised a special collaboration with julie paterson, australian painter, printmaker and textile designer. each scrapcloth bundle has been individually assembled by julie for the atomic ottoman kit. no two bundles being the same, she combines a mix of printed and plain clothfabric upholstery weight linen and hemp plus choice offcuts from some of her latest prototype fabrics   material that you ‘ll find nowhere else! natural linen piping and buttons are also included. backers of the scrapcloth bundle will be asked to nominate one of three colourways once our project is funded. scrapcloth bundles also come with 3 composition design suggestions from julie. check out these handsome examples made from scrapcloth bundles. be the cool kids. form your own circle of friends and create a satelite classroom. if you're in nsw, victoria, queensland or the a.c.t, assemble your posse for a very special experience. as a reward for buying in bulk, i will personally deliver your kits, saving you postage. i’ll also stay to teach the full day workshop myself, providing tools for everyone to loan. all you need is 9 friends, enough tables, a roof and 4 walls. i’m looking at you, melbourne, canberra, kiama, wollongong, sydney, blue mountains, orange, bathurst, central coast, newcastle, port macquarie, armidale, coffs harbour, lismore, byron bay, gold coast, brisbane. if you’re further afield but want to organise your own satellite class, please contact me to see what we can arrange! blue and ink are one offs that won't be repeated, while red head , naturally and double denim will never be exactly replicated, because even within the colorways of warm, cool and natural, the pieces that make up every scrapcloth bundle are unique. risks and challenges we’ve spent 2 years teaching the atomic ottoman class, refining the model, perfecting the process. for the past 6 months we’ve worked unpaid to translate the live workshop into the lightest, smallest form possible without sacrificing quality. we’ve selected quality materials to ensure a premium product, and we’re developing custom packaging to make sure all those things arrive at your door in pristine condition. we’ve done our best to keep the atomic ottoman kit production in australia, where we can meet our contractors and know their working conditions are fair. we have invested 6k of our own funds into 2 rounds of prototyping and development. we needed to know that we could deliver you the best workshop experience in a box at a fair price, at a time we say we will. a good portion of funds raised go straight to that network of suppliers – the cnc people, the upholstery suppliers, the box people and the delivery folk. the other chunk goes towards your education. at furnish.ed we have plenty of experience designing and delivering education in person, but we’re new to film and television, so we’re already in consultation with the right people to help translate our experience into this new arena upholstery is a beautiful, mindful, creative and fulfilling craft that can also require mental gymnastics and be more confusing than you technically thought it had a right to be. so we want to make sure you have the best possible quality of tuition, and to ensure everything from the packaging design to the instruction manual, video tutorials and website give you a great experience. in order to achieve that goal, we’ve committed to working with people over robots and monkeys, which means making reasonable contributions towards keeping said team fed, housed and clothed. but we think they’re worth it. (i mean, did you see our pitch video?) we're keen to produce the first wave of kits in 2018, ready for delivery   something about an undiagnosed bt deepseated desire to feel like santa claus. but we also don't want to let you down. our team and suppliers are human, and the unexpected can happen, so we're saying february, but hoping to surprise you. on the topic of delivery, shipping is it's own challenge. our atomic ottoman kits contain a whole piece of furniture, between 5 and 6 kilos depending on your chosen accessories. in order to ensure you the best possible price, we're opting to wait until funding success to charge shipping. knowing our exact shipping quantities will help us lower the cost to backers, which we think is a worthwhile step. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 