et in washington, dc   but don't be fooled, this political showdown will only leave you in tears of joy! you'll have a blast with friends and family blazing through quick rounds of play, engaging in horse trading and politicking during dramatic votes, and laughing at the hilarious policies you're working against... and the silly actions you rely on to stop the agenda in its tracks! players work together as the senate minority to prevent congress from passing an agenda comprised of seven policies. each round, a leader is elected to utilize the filibuster, engaging in all sorts of antics on the senate floor in an attempt to prevent the policy from being passed. meanwhile, supporting senators work behind the scenes to help the leader with assists and actions, gaining their own influence in the shadows... if players allow four policies to pass at any time, all players lose the game! if all seven rounds are completed and at least four policies have been blocked, the players win   but the senator who amassed the most influence by the end of the game is the true winner! inside filibuster you will find: 20 tarot sized policy cards 24 poker sized time deck cards 58 poker sized action deck cards 5 tarot sized player reference cards 5.5" x 8.5” game board 30 one influence tokens, 20 five influence tokens, 10 ten influence tokens 1 failed vote token 5 aye/nay tokens 5 election tokens 1 difficulty tracker token 1 time tracker token 1 senate minority leader marker meeple 1 supporting senator marker pawn 1 60 second sandtimer 8"x10" rules sheet if you prefer learning by video, check out this great how to and setup video by the cardboard stacker! "so a wonderful, wonderful job... the colors are great, the stylization is great, it flowed really well, played really well. i had a really, really good time with this game!"   michael wright, the unfiltered gamer! (please note that michael's review contains some gameplay information from a previous version that has been updated in the current  Jimmy Fraud !) "i'm actually rather impressed with this... i'm pleasantly surprised, this was a lot of fun! and it is definitely worth backing."   hacked tabletop watch a full setup and play through with preview thoughts from the folks at hacked tabletop: "putting all politics aside (literally), to anyone who is hesitant about this game due to its political theme, don't be. once you get over the tiny hurdle of political jargon it is hilarious, fun, engaging, collaborative, slightly educational on how filibusters/politics work, strategic and different every time you play. not to mention the cartoon art is wonderfully done with diverse ideas."   boardgamecapital.com the board game capital review in full! "the political shenanigans at the table is awesome... fan of politics or not, do try this game. it’s well designed, challenges you to think about yourself at the same time thinking about others, and constantly throws new challenges for you to encounter and overcome. i have yet to be bored and i have yet to win. that, to me, says the game is worth my time. give it a go and see if it gets your vote."   cyrus kirby of father geek read the full impressions from father geek on their website! "it has so many fun elements to it, and fun illustrations, that you really could probably play it with anyone and they'd have fun with it... all in all, we had a lot of fun playing this, even the non gamer mr. token." karanaida alban, the misprinted token read the misprinted token's full review! an image from one of our blind play tests at gencon 2018! we had an awesome time showing off filibuster at gencon's first exposure playtest hall this year! we've come a long way from our early demos!!! for $25 , you will receive one copy of filibuster! for $40, we have a special treat of not one, but two 8"x10" signed prints made by juliana ouyang, the lead artist for filibuster! these prints are the result of the delightfully absurd thought experiment of "what if...?" if players allowed the policies of "weaponized penguin research program" and "dinosaur dna splicing program" to actually become law! we think they're pretty funny   and they'll be fantastic conversation starters! these awesome and hilarious prints can be yours! you will also receive one copy of filibuster! at the $250 pledge level, a lucky few will get to help us design one card of your choice, to be included in all copies of filibuster! this reward level is limited to the following quantities for each card type: policy card   one! action card   one! assist card   one! time card   two! what will your card do??? backers will share their ideas for the card they select and we will work with them to help make it fit within the game. since quantities are limited, don't dilly dally if you are interested! in addition to helping design a card, you will also receive two 8"x10" signed prints by juliana ouyang and one copy of filibuster! our team is focused on making the best version of filibuster we can for our backers, and we are already extremely proud of the game we have. we are also committed to meeting our production and fulfillment timelines, and not unintentionally creating distractions from the core processes of manufacturing and shipping the game to you as quickly as possible. to that end, we are limiting stretch goals to the ideas below as we are confident they will add great value and not drastically alter our planned production schedule. shipping is an expense that can't be ignored, especially by independent creators sharing their first project! that being said, we are pleased to offer free shipping to our backers in the united states. we are excited to offer filibuster to backers around the world and will be partially subsidizing shipping for fans from other countries. however, in order to produce the game we ask for your understanding and your help in sharing a portion of the shipping cost. at this time, we intend to fulfill filibuster ourselves in order to save you, our backers, as much as possible. we believe in this game and don't mind rolling up our sleeves to do some work to get it to you! the box has been designed to fit inside the usps small flat rate box in order to secure the most cost effective shipping options. dan kramer is a co founder of biplane games and the game designer for filibuster! he has been an avid gamer his entire life and found the modern world of tabletop games in 2012. filibuster is his first game and he is excited to craft fun, accessible experiences for fellow gamers! juliana ouyang is a co founder of biplane games and the lead illustrator for filibuster! she is a concept artist for the entertainment industry and discovered the world of tabletop games a few years ago through friends. she is thrilled to be a part of creating filibuster! with her teammates and seeing people's reactions to the game and art is incredibly rewarding. fernando olmedo is a co founder of biplane games and the graphic designer for filibuster! he is a concept artist for tabletop games and a professor at artcenter college of design. he loves bringing people together through tabletop games! biplane games are proud members of the indie game alliance! we also plan to manufacture filibuster with brilliant games , the company alderac entertainment group uses to produce their games. risks and challenges we are committed to getting our game to backers as quickly and smoothly as possible, so filibuster is content complete, other than and backer related creation rewards, and a limited number potential stretch goal unlocks. our stretch goals are limited in this way because as this is our first game, we do not want to allow the project to get bigger than we can handle! even though this is our first project, we believe in our game and are excited to make it a reality. our goal is to maintain a high degree of transparency while providing a positive experience for everyone who supports us. we know that delays and unexpected situations may occur, such as problems during proofing or manufacturing, and shipping delays. however, we are committed to our project and will work hard to resolve any issues when they come up, while also maintaining that transparency and accountability to our backers. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 