en worries about human rights, the planet and climate change. although he tries to shop sustainably, he doesn’t always know which are the best products to choose. sometimes he despairs that his actions do not matter and that alone he does not have the power to change things. meet melinda. she grows really tasty tomatoes, is super kind to the environment, treats her workers well and sells her produce at a fair price. you would expect melinda’s tomatoes to be chosen by people like steve every single time right? well, 80% of the time they are not, and this has huge implications for the people and the planet... you are about to change this! act is a simple to use mobile shopping app that introduces people like steve to producers like melinda. this will put money in the hands of the sustainable producers, helping them to succeed. the more they succeed, the more other producers will follow. even the biggest companies will eventually have to make a choice: change or lose out. so, just by supporting melinda, and other food producers like her, you will be able to tackle some of the greatest challenges we are facing as a society today. take climate change, for example. 61% of people in the world think that climate change is the greatest threat to our survival, and yet the current political and economic systems are simply not moving fast enough. we need action urgently, and the best way to do this is by shifting large quantities of money towards the “climate good guys”. the food we buy contributes to almost one third of the world’s total carbon footprint, so the really good news is that we could put a huge dent in global co2 emissions without even changing the contents of our shopping bags! why do we need act? we live in a time where the greatest challenges are right in front of our faces. in addition to climate change and inequality we have crossed 3 other planetary boundaries. most of us want to do something about this but we don't have the means to coordinate. this leads to unintentional global inaction. if this inaction continues, the people and planet systems will reach tipping points   basically points of no return   where our actions, no matter how drastic, will be unable to limit the damage to the livelihood of billions of people. with act, together we will be able to overcome this inaction. this will be the first time that a service connects consumers across the globe, helping them to know how their day to day grocery shopping is affecting the planet, and its people, in real time. together we will be a powerful force, with the collective purchasing power necessary to create a more sustainable future for ourselves and our children. act explained furthermore act will improve your shopping experience, by solving the following problems: finding products easily within the store payment at a touch of a button and avoiding standing in line optimize your shopping based on location, price, branding, sustainability, dietary preferences, allergies act uses advanced algorithms, user interface testing and state of the art technology including ai & blockchain to give all of us the best possible shopping tool... it is important for it to be so good, that you simply don't want to go grocery shopping without act. act exists as a cooperative/limited company hybrid in norway to make sure act is never distracted from its important work. this draws on the democratic strengths of being an employee controlled organization, but also benefits from the corporate advantages of a limited liability company. we are passionate about transparency and environmental sustainability. the majority of us are working on this project alongside our full time jobs, often working late into the evenings and into weekends because we believe in this project’s huge potential for creating a better world. the team is international, with more than 10 nationalities represented and expertise in a wide range of disciplines. we know each other well through working together on this project. the structure is flat which allows us to disagree openly about the direction of our project and we do not have any problems telling our danish ceo when he is too crazy. advisory members we have been working with the act project for more than 2 years now and a lot of things have been accomplished including partnerships, testing and surveying of end users and retailers. the main milestones include:   patent pending on our scalable rating system   rating of 30,000 grocery products   design of 2 apps that are now in development   creation of possibly the biggest grocery category structure in the world   signed letters of agreement with potential pilots. with your help, our team will be able to finish development of the platform and get through our first pilot, granting you access to the best shopping tool, so that we can start buying back our future! our focus is on finishing the development of the shopping list app (shown in the videos) and to make sure it is an effective shopping tool that gives you a free and informed choice whether you are shopping based on price, location, sustainability, transparency or a mix of these. we are also building a smart checkout app that can be used by stores for handling your checkouts. with your help we will get faster to market and increase the quality of the product so that our first pilot becomes as solid as possible. once we get to the pilot we will be fundraising again to fuel our growth phase so we can get out to as many people as possible. we want to bring action to you and the planet as fast as we can. to give you an idea about how much we can achieve in the near future, consider this : the pilot consists of a shopping list app (ref. videos) that shoppers can use to find products, add to a list, optimize list (according to your preferences), scan and checkout in 10 seconds. an in store point of sale system will make it easy for a clerk to handle changes to orders and let the shopper check out in 10 seconds. after the pilot the shopping list app will be gradually released throughout the world. this is when you will get your hands on the app through the pledges with early access. our funding goal is 20,000 nok (approximately 2,500 usd). together with investors that can take us through our pilot and onto launch. unfortunately, in our society today, one of the main drivers for change is money! how much is shifted, how fast and in what direction. act puts you and all the other act users in the driver’s seat for shifting money towards a sustainable future. the aim of this app is to create a global collaboration platform around sustainable shopping to help solve some of the biggest problems facing the people and the planet today. because this is a big task, the more money we have available the faster we will be able to reach that goal, and the less money we will need to take from investors, which in turn will give us more momentum. our society is coming to a historic turning point in time. a global change is required. help make act possible, so we together can buy back our future. thank you for your help! other ways you can help if you can’t contribute financially you can still help!   you can always spread the word and make some noise about our campaign.   use the  Jimmy Fraud  share button above to promote our campaign on facebook, twitter, etc. we deeply appreciate your support. how much time do you spend per week to fight for the greatest challenges of our time? challenges that are affecting all of us and that exists right before our eyes?10 hours of the most powerful time of the day your brain is plugged into the matrix right? are you spending your time right? with your skills you could affect millions of people by joining the project that has the potential to shift the most money towards producers that impact the environment the least and who also treat their workers well. act   apply today   we would love to hear from you. shout out   5 usd be a part of act hall of fame in the app with a special mention thanking you. for the person who supports our goals and wants to stay informed until the app is released to the public (after early access). high five!   special mention in the app early access   10 usd we want you to enjoy the full power of act with this special offer. get exclusive early access to our app when it is ready.   special mention   early access sustainable shopper   15 usd get the act sustainable shopping guide + all of the above.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download) the shopping geek   25 usd be an even more informed individual with the book: "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee the insider   35 usd become an act insider and help shape our app directly with our team on an exclusive slack channel + all above.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel. the super shopper   50 usd receive one of our tote bags with the design you prefer (check designs on this  Jimmy Fraud  page). for the person who support our goals and wants a memory of this epic project.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   1 act tote bag (4 alternative designs, see under). street smart   60 usd receive one of our t shirts with the design you prefer (check designs on the  Jimmy Fraud  page). for the person who support our goals and wants a memory of this epic project.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   1 act t shirt (5 alternative designs, see under) double bagged   75 usd receive 2 act tote bags with the design you prefer (4 alternative designs, see under). for the person who support our goals and wants a memory of this epic project.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   2 act tote bags (4 alternative designs, see under) all in   80 usd for the person who support our goals and wants to go all in. receive 1 act tote bag with the design you prefer and 1 act t shirt (5 alternative designs, see under).   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   1 act tote bag   1 act t shirt (5 alternative designs, see under) all in 2   85 usd receive 2 act t shirts + all above. for the person who support our goals and wants to go all in.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   2 act t shirt (5 alternative designs, see under) family   90 usd for the person who support our goals and wants the entire household to join.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   3 act tote bags (4 alternative designs, see under) extended family 1   115 usd for the person who support our goals and wants the entire household and extended family to join.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   4 act tote bags (4 alternative designs, see under)   cool act stickers. extended family 2   125 usd for the person who support our goals and wants the entire household and extended family to join.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   4 act t shirts (5 alternative designs, see under)   cool act stickers. family & friends   260 usd for the person who support our goals and wants the entire household and friends to join.   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   4 act tote bags (4 alternative designs, see under)   4 act t shirts (5 alternative designs, see under)   cool act stickers. visionary   500 usd for the visionary individuals who support our goals.special mention in the app and a visionary medal on our web page. (all shipping included)   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   4 act tote bags (4 alternative designs, see under)   4 act t shirts (5 alternative designs, see under)   cool act stickers   receive a thank you video conference call with the act founder.   bronze medal of honor in a champions page in our web page as one of the early backers of the act project. philanthropist   1000 usd for the visionary / extraordinary individuals who support our goals. special mention in the app and a philantropist medal on our web page. (all shipping included)   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   4 act tote bags (4 alternative designs, see under)   4 act t shirts (5 alternative designs, see under)   cool act stickers   receive a thank you video conference call with the act team.   silver medal of honor in a champions page in our web page as one of the early backers of the act project. act champion   10,000 usd for the visionary / extraordinary individuals and organizations who support our goals. special mention in the app and a special gold medal on our web page. (all shipping included)   special mention   early access   act sustainable recipes & shopping guide (download)   "how bad are bananas: the carbon footprint of everything" by mike berners lee   inputs on app development in exclusive slack channel.   4 act tote bags (4 alternative designs, see under)   4 act t shirts (5 alternative designs, see under)   cool act stickers   receive a thank you video conference call with the act team.   dinner with the act team in norway (travel not included)   gold medal of honor in a champions page in our web page as one of the early backers of the act project. we have made a faq section below. we'll be adding new faqs in the future. please feel free to contact us with any other question you might have. how can i invest in the company? please subscribe to our investor mail list for breaking news by clicking the button under (we respect your privacy): risks and challenges we’re ready to start our first pilot a few months after this campaign ends, but as with any software product that interacts with actual products and actual stores there are challenges to getting it right and there is always the possibility of delays (sometimes outside of anyone's control). in our efforts to avoid delays and develop the best shopping tool possible, we are selective in how we choose our partners, conservative in setting our timelines, and, we use internal developers as much as possible to stay in control. quality control remains a major focus for us. with our team we are using systems to catch as many product issues as possible before the act shopping list makes its way into your hands. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 