y/descriptionno additional domestic shipping charges! stretch goal #2 announced!: $24,000 massive digital print bundle! once we hit $24,000 we'll be giving out a massive digital print bundle from a bunch of maoss artists. we'll be revealing a couple at a time until we get there. here's what's been revealed so far! stretch goal #1: unlocked glow in the dark eyes! if we hit $20,000 the yellow eyes on the hardcover edition will glow in the dark!!! not the real eyes. if you love monsters, this is our love letter to monsters of all kinds! i love monsters because they can represent anything. they can represent people, places, things, or ideas. you can use them to tell a deep story or a fun one. i love monsters inc as much as i love hellraiser, and i wanted to curate and anthology that showed my love of all types of monsters. this book isn't just about monsters, though. it's also about the creators who worked on this book. i have a list of hundreds of creators i would love to work with in my career, and before this anthology existed collaborating with all of them would have been impossible. however, in an anthology i can work with a bunch of awesome creators at once. i can compile a team of 46 creators that have been on my bucket list and bring them together for one jam session. there's one more reason why this book is important. it's a way i can give something back to the fans who have followed us for so long. i've met so many fans of my work that love monsters as much as i do and i wanted to give them something incredible. something they could treasure for the rest of their lives. something that speaks to a little piece of their soul with a little piece of mine. monsters and other scary s%&t is a love letter not only to monsters, but also to the creators and fans who made it possible. it's a glorious, 224 page hardcover ode to monsters. it's a love letter to monsters, from 30 creative teams who adore everything about monsters. sneak peak at cover of the book. this is not the final image. check out a free 50+ page preview by clicking here. watch our music video produced by jake lionheart, the el cheapo nerd. subscribe to his channel by clicking here. why do the other creators love monsters so much? so why do we love monsters so much? we created this little video to tell you some of our reasons. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 we all have our different reasons for loving monsters, but one thing is for sure, we all have a deep love and respect for monsters of all kinds. who am i? my name is russell nohelty, publisher of wannabe press, a small press that creates weird books for weird people, creator of katrina hates dead s%&t and ichabod jones: monster hunter , and editor of this anthology. after those two graphic novels were complete, i began searching for my next comic project. that's when it hit me. what if went to my favorite creators, ones that i knew loved monsters as much as me, and put together an amazing monster anthology where all of us could tell our favorite monster stories? i talked to dozens of creators who loved monsters as much as me and boy did they deliver something special. this book is everything i envisioned and more. it's the beautiful, hardcover anthology i always wanted to display on my coffee table. it's the book i want to read over and over again every time i get a hankering for monsters. if you love monsters as much as me, then this is the book for you. what are some of the stories in this book? a quick look at all the stories. i'm going to break this up into three sections because there are just soooo many monster stories in this book, but let's talk about some of the stories and creators now, and what you can expect inside the pages of this monstrous book. go fish   erik lervold (a), russell nohelty (w)   go fish tells the story of a monster who is constantly accused of stealing a princess, even though they are just friends. soldiers and knights often try to kill the beast, even when he's just trying to play go fish with his friend, like he is in this tale. written by russell nohelty ( katrina hates dead s%&t) and drawn by erik lervold ( the red calaveras ). if you want to read this story in full, scroll to the bottom of the page. the party   katrina kunstmann (a)   in the party , two gods make their way to a party neither of them really wants to be at, held by a friend neither of them really like. this is a story that can happen to anybody on any plane of existence, except that it's happening to gods who can destroy galaxies. written and drawn by katrina kunstmann ( warhead, alter life, zed ) download: possession   juan carlos ramos (a)   download: possession is a dark tale about a girl forced to make teddy bears for her robot overlord in order for him to fulfill a dastardly promise to her. it's moody and beautifully drawn, along with being haunting. written and drawn by juan carlos ramos ( transformers, soluna ) a screen to kill for   michael tanner (w), greg smith (w), meescha dare (a)   in a screen to kill for , a group of friends meet at a virtual reality center to play a video game for one of their birthdays. during the game, one of them stalks the others looking for prey. written by michael tanner and greg smith ( junior braves of the apocalypse ) and drawn by meescha dare. b is for beer   scott bachmann (w), nate lovett (a)   in b is for beer, an over the hill and out of work sesame street type monster gets hammered and hits on women in this tale that is equally funny and poignant. written by scott bachmann ( our super mom ) and drawn by nate lovett ( hack/slash, bravest warrior ). vengeance   dennis greenhill (w) lee kohse (a)   in vengeance , a man goes to his brother's grave to gloat over killing him, only to get an unexpected surprise. written by bloodfire studios co founder dennis greenhill ( dark tarot, pixies of mayhem) and drawn by lee kohse ( star wars, speed racer, kindergoth ). additional art by dennis greenhill. undeaducation   joe ranoia (w), cassidy lee phillips (a)   in undeaducation, not all schools are created equal. in fact, not all students are even alive. join our main character as he attempts to survive his first day in a school populated by zombies trying to reintegrate into society. written by joe ranoia (shy) and drawn by cassidy lee phillips ( champion killers ). millennials and dragons   nicolas touris (a)   what happens when the old way of fighting and killing dragons ends and a new era of kinder exploring takes its place? what if the world evolved beyond hack and slash and left you behind? that's what millennials and dragons talks about, a new world order where simple fighting won't do. written and drawn by nicolas touris ( godlikes, fear diaries ) that's just 1/3 of the creative teams on this book! we're going to talk about the others, but first we need to talk a little bit about the production on the book. if you want more of the stories, keep scrolling. why is this book going to be soooo awesome? 1. it's 224 pages of glorious comics!   that's a massive amount of awesome comics about monsters! 2. it's gonna be in hardcover!   there are lots of comics, but how many are printed in hardcover? not many! 3. all the uv spotting! there's gonna be spot uv on all the yellow eyeballs on the cover. what's spot uv? you know the glossy beautifulness on the cover of your highest quality comics? the stuff that gives certain areas a little shiny pop? that's uv spot, and we're putting it on every eyeball on the cover of the book, and if we hit our stretch goal they'll all glow in the dark . i mean how cool is that?! 4. glossy art paper   most books are printed in gloss lamination, trapping all the glorious line work under an ugly, gross, yellow film. this anthology is different. it's printed on glossy art paper, which means the ink shines on top of the paper and looks like it's simmering, just like the any other art book on the market today. after all, we believe that comics are beautiful works of art and should be printed as such. 5. our creators have credits from all your favorites companies. our creators have worked with marvel, vertigo, boom, oni, image, spacegoat, alterna along with brands like the simpsons , invader zim , star wars , and more. 6. there are just so many many monsters. there was only one rule in this anthology; all of the stories needed monsters. this book is full of different types of monsters from one you know like zombies, dinosaurs, and vampires, to obscure ones like the baobhan sith and calladseelee. and you can get the whole book, including shipping, plus a pdf copy and digital download of the cover, for just $40, including shipping (in the us, at least)! who made that dope cover? it was drawn by aaron alexovich , creator of my favorite indie comic of all time, serenity rose, a 500+ page graphic novel about a previously famous witch trying to come to terms with her powers in a very weird town. read it. buy it. love it. if you've never read that book, you probably know him from his work on invader zim, both the television show and more recently on the comic book. aaron's a powerhouse in the world of indie books, and zim is one of my favorite animated shows of all time, so getting him to draw the cover was a no brainer. i'm so thrilled he said yes! on top of it all, aaron might be one of the few people on earth that loves monsters even more than me, which i once didn't think possible. if you love this cover, every pledge @ $25 or above gets a free digital download of it! interior mockup of the book. subject to change. what other stories are in this book? this is the second of three sections about the stories in this book. if you want even more stories, just keep scrolling after this section. ghoul   alexander yak (w), saint yak (a)   in ghoul , a group of bounty hunters sets out to kill a ghoul who has been terrorizing a local cemetery in the old west. it's a bloody, gory, and action packed story written by alexander yak and drawn by saint yak ( go west, charlie foxtrot ). last rites   john holland (w), jonathan fisher (a)   last rites follows the last moments in the life of a religious leader as she reflects on her life. written by john holland ( diebold, ayla: speaker for the dead ) and drawn by jonathan fisher. fear monster   christie shinn (a)   fear monster is a short story set in the world of christie shinn's personal monsters universe. christie has a book about the personal monsters you run into every day, from your best friend to your ex boyfriend. christie gets to the heart of humanity through these different monsters. written and drawn by christie shinn ( personal monsters, sepulchre ). butterfly   arthur bellfield (w), blair rossi (a)   butterfly explores what happens when we die, and why butterflies have such little time to exist after they escape their cocoon. written by arthur bellfield ( war's chosen, god cell) and drawn by blair rossi. fear   bradley sheridan (a)   fear is a story set in bradley sheridan's why do i rock universe, which is his web cartoon about a godzilla like monster that destroys towns while he pontificates about life. his piece is the first long form in the series, and talks about the role fear plays in our lives. written and drawn by bradley sheridan ( why do i rock ) boogeyman   christian douglas (w), ivan sarnago (a)   in boogeyman, a long in the tooth cop tries to track down a serial killer who drains and dismembers its victim, all while trying not to become the monster's next meal. written by christian douglas ( unpopular tales ) and drawn by ivan sarnago ( lunita ). legend of the white lady   david lucarelli (w), henry ponciano (a)   the legend of the white lady tells tale of a baobhan sith that tracked and killed hunters at night until she met the man of her dreams. written by david lucarelli ( children's vampire hunting brigade ) and drawn by henry ponciano ( children's vampire hunting brigade ). nightwalker   mary bellamy (a)   nightwalker is a tale about a girl walking home at night through the dark alleys of the world, until she is beset by a group of thugs. written and drawn by mary bellamy (my little pony, ah heck!!) one last tear   nicholas doan (w), daniele serra (a)   in one last tear , a group of friends search through an abandoned building and get more than they bargained for when they try to leave. written by nicholas doan ( monster elementary ) and drawn by daniele serra ( hellraiser bestiary ). we have one last batch of creators and stories, but before we keep going on, let's talk a little more about the campaign! if you just want to see more stories, just keep scrolling past the next couple sections. where is the money going? we're trying to raise a lot of money on this campaign, so it's only logical to ask where your pledge money is going. here is the breakdown of where we're spending all the money coming into the campaign. the math breaks down like this: printing   $8,000   50% shipping   $3,200   20% residual   $1,600   10% fees   $1,600   10% in case   $1,600   10% you'll see that most of the money is going into printing books and shipping them. then there are creator residuals,  Jimmy Fraud  fees, donations to charity, and a contingency for when s&%t goes wrong. what can you get for your pledge? except for the retailer bundle and special commission tiers, all of our pledges are inclusive of the previous tiers! pledge @ $40 and get everything from the $15 and $25 levels too! plus shipping is included everywhere in the usa! add on a digital copy of katrina hates dead shit and/or ichabod jones: monster hunter for just $10 for one or $15 for both! what about stretch goals? we're revealing our stretch goals one at a time! since we hit our $16,000 initial goal, stretch goals have been unlocked! stretch goal #1: $20,000   unlocked glow in the dark eyes! if we hit $20,000, we will unlock glow in the dark eyes for aaron alexovich's amazing cover! stretch goal #2   $24,000   announced massive digital print pack! if we hit $24,000, everybody that pledges $15 and above will receive a massive digital print pack full of awesome monster art from artists in the book! we're not revealing them all at once, but here are the ones that have been revealed so far! mumm ra by mary bellamy and crayon monster by freedom lee drudge who are the rest of the creators? claxton and claxton   cw cooke (w), kurt belcher (a)   claxton and claxton tells the story of a monster hunting family through the decades as they root out evil in all their forms. written by cw cooke (stillwater, solitary ) and drawn by kurt belcher ( winter's war, broken frontier ) emerik   michael norwitz (w), phillip johnson (a)   in emerik, a hapless fisherman is pulled under the sea by an angry fish and comes face to face with the mighty cthulhu. written by michael norwitz and drawn by phillip johnson ( ghost rider xmas special ). seven tears   rob hebert (a)   seven tears is about a mermaid that tries to make friends with a lonely little girl who is treated terribly by everybody around her. written and drawn by rob hebert (a terrible time). calladseelee   jack holder (w), saint yak (a)   in calladseelee, a group of adventurers search for an inhuman monster to save a town from the clutches of a menace. written by jack holder ( dealing with the apocalypse, unfortunately human ) and drawn by saint yak ( go west, charlie foxtrot ). gigapoo   luis bermudez (w), alex bermudez (a)   luis and alex bermudez created a new tale in their superhero universe for this anthology called gigapoo . this time their superheroes come face to face with gigapoo, a massive poop monster that can't be stopped! written by luis bermudez and drawn by alex bermudez (the secret anthology). frozen scream   walter ostlie (a)   frozen scream is a one page tale from walter ostlie about a woman who sees something truly horrifying looking back at her from inside an ancient mirror. written and drawn by walter ostlie ( shiver bureau, cubicles ). the deal   dan sharner (w), zac skellington (a)   the deal takes place in the aftermath of a faustian bargain, as the narrator realizes what selling his soul really means. written by daniel sharner and drawn by zac skellington ( nighttime monsters ). online predator   steve waldinger (w), erika lipkes (a)   steve waldinger and erika lipkes deliver a one page story about an online date that goes horribly wrong in online predator . well, i guess horribly wrong depends on who you ask, actually. written by steve waldinger ( comicprov ) and drawn by erika lipkes ( hamster wheel brain ). the promise   felix yin (w), alex bodnar (a)   the promise takes place after a woman wakes up from a terrible dream that she just can't shake. she's plagued with images that prevent her from sleeping, and over the course of the story we find out why she's having such troubles. written by felix yin and drawn by alex bodnar. do my bidding   bobby timony (a)   in do my bidding , a mad scientist can't get anybody to follow his orders so he constructs somebody who will...or will they? written and drawn by bobby timony ( simpsons, monster elementary ). the mirror   greg smith (w), meescha dare (a)   the mirror follows a girl who buys an enchanted mirror and gets much more than she expects from it, in the worst way possible. written by greg smith (j unior braves of the apocalypse ) and drawn by meescha dare. belly of the beast   josh wagner (w), freedom lee drudge (a)   belly of the beast follows a group of parasites who live in the belly of a world swallowing beast, rebel against their horrible overlord, and find a planet to call their own. written by josh wagner ( fiction clemens ) and drawn by freedom lee drudge ( mice templar ). esmeralda's tree   angela fullard (a)   angela fullard delivers the last delightful tale in our anthology, called esmerelda's tree , about a girl who finds friendship in the weird tree behind her house that scares away everybody else except her. it's is the perfect whimsical note to end the anthology. written and drawn by angela fullard ( angela's oddlings ). that's it! that's all the creators. if you love it i hope you'll pledge. we really, really love this anthology, monsters, and we hope you do, too! below, please find the first story from the anthology, go fish, by erik lervold and me! there are all sorts of stories in this anthology with different art styles and tones, but this should give you an idea of the quality level to expect. page 1 of go fish page 2 of go fish page 3 of go fish page 4 of go fish page 5 of go fish page 6 of go fish page 7 of go fish did you dig it? if you did, then it's time to pledge. still on the fence? no worries. click here to get a 50+ page preview. i hope you believe this is going to be an amazing anthology. if so, pledge to the campaign and make this happen! risks and challenges even though the book is done, there are always challenges in any production timeline. for those of you who have bought my books before, you are used to getting them within a month of the campaign ending. this will not happen this campaign, because we are ordering in mass quantities. the soonest the books will get to my door is 6 weeks from ordering, which is 6x longer than my other campaigns. however, you will get the books. it just won't be within the month like i pride myself on. the print quality though, will be much better. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 