iptionyou'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 once upon a time, in a faraway land named singapore, 3 daring creators decided to come together to solve a big problem that has been troubling parents for a very long time. they observed that eating out with young kids is always a huge challenge for parents (more on that below), and with their collective magic spells and many rounds of research and prototyping, the magical yaytray was finally conceived! the yaytray is the world’s first all in one child feeding solution of its kind , specially designed to help prevent messiness when dining out with kids. abracadabra! say goodbye to huge mealtime messes caused by spilt foods and toppling bowls, as well as having to pack up your used bowls and utensils into plastic bags before bringing them home. the yaytray allows for clean, fuss free eating, and packs up to go in a matter of seconds. it literally works like magic! the yaytray makes for a great gift too. no more worries about what to get for the next baby birthday party you attend! yaytray opened yaytray closed modular in function feeding easy portability + function made for everyone yaytray vs current feeding apparatus bulky & disorganised apparatus always dealing with mess! through countless hours of field trip observations, the 3 daring creators observed that the current eating habits of children below the age of 3 years old can often be unexpected and rowdy. this often becomes a frightening and traumatic experience for first time parents, especially when dining out. the entire process starts with parents having to pack multiple packs or containers worth of feeding apparatus when they go out, which ends up being extremely bulky. spoons, forks, bowls, and other utensils are all kept and packed separately, which makes the entire process very cluttered and disorganised. the actual meal time is no less challenging. food spills are common, which creates huge messes. this is due to the fact that some bowls have high centre of gravity and tend to topple very easily. parents often have to watch out for toppling bowls when having their meals, which makes the entire meal time very stressful. lastly, packing up to go after the meal is the final headache. all the various used utensils have to be cleaned or packed in multiple plastic bags, before they are all stuffed into an already bulky bag before they can go. the 3 creators soon realised that there had to be a better solution. there has to be a way to help parents eliminate the stress they feel when bringing their young kids out for meals. there has to be a better way to help children eat their meals in a much easier and more user friendly manner. so they thought: why not create a product that relieves the burden every parent faces by simplifying the entire child feeding process? user research & testing to get to the magical solution they were seeking, they conducted extensive research with various parents to deeply understand their concerns, and through a mix of hard work, sleepless nights and clever wizardry, and after going through countless rounds of prototypes and evaluations, they eventually arrived at the final yaytray design. the yaytray perfectly encapsulates every child feeding need into a neat and compact solution that leaves no compromises. currently, most baby bags are packed to the brim with all manner of feeding apparatus, leaving no extra space in the bag whatsoever. the yaytray solves this big problem. yaytray is cool & useful its appealing to kids cool for mums the yaytray helps bridge the transition between assisted feeding for a child (the bowl and utensils are perfectly designed for parents to hold) and independent self feeding (with its stable food tray and user friendly resting surfaces for its utensils). self feeding with yaytray assisted feeding with yaytray endless utensil configurations! mix & match utensils the 3 creators made sure to design the yaytray such that its utensil inserts (or "heads") can be slot into the handles at two specific angles. this is so that with just one pair of handles, the parent or child can create boundless configurations of eating utensils, to cater to the child's specific needs. parents currently face limited choices when it comes to finding the right utensils for their kids. sometimes the utensil handle is too wide or too thin. and at times the spoon or fork head isn't of the desired size, shape or colour. if only there was a way to customise every part of the child's utensils so as to perfectly fit the child's needs and wants. abracadabra! through countless interviews with parents, the 3 daring creators identified this need, and the yaytray was created with the long term vision of establishing an entire full library of utensil handles and utensil heads of various shapes and sizes, so that children everywhere can finally mix & match to their heart's content! now wouldn't that be the most magical concept ever? manual & assisted feeding through extensive user study, the 3 creators saw the need to cater a 90 degree angle to simplify assisted feeding in a more ergonomical functionally pinching notion. adjustable utensil angles the yaytray is leak proof! the yaytray is leak proof , stable and non slip , which makes child feeding outdoors so much easier and less daunting. leakproof lids for yaytray handles mess with style stable & portable hygienic side compartments the yaytray comes with customisable utensils which can be conveniently stored in its special side compartments, which are clean and hygienic. thus, it eliminates the need for a thorough sanitary wipe down before every meal. not to mention the fact that the yaytray is also food safe , bpa free , and dishwasher safe as well! no more worries when you know your little one is completely safe! the yaytray is also extremely easy to use, and can be packed to go in a matter of seconds. this allows parents to conveniently pack up their kids’ bowls and utensils after eating without having to wash them on the spot or seal them in plastic bags. pack up in seconds! through countless brainstorming sessions and lots of (friendly) wizardry debates, the 3 daring creators finally agreed on the first two colours that the yaytray will be created in   clean tangerine and lime time ! yaytray tier rewards the process to bring a product from its idea conception to its final finished state is never easy. to achieve that, we at yurica created numerous prototypes that were put to the test by our target users. through the comments garnered from all the various prior prototypes, we are proud to present our precious creations to all of you. the yaytray   the world first all in one kids feeding tray. design sketches design prototypes yurica team   creators of the yaytray formed by a team of three passionate creators who love creating original new things to make other people's lives that much better, yurica aspires to create joy and magic through the discovery of clever solutions to life's little problems. we believe that true discovery comes through wonder, and just as importantly, passion. yurica aims to create the world's finest products through endless curiosity, innovative ideas and relentless dedication. let's wonder together.   jeremy yew   ceo (jeremy@yurica.co) eason chow   chief creative & product design (eason@yurica.co) hazel hor   business development & media relations (hazel@yurica.co) we believe in the importance of delivering a product at its highest quality, in a prompt manner into our backers' hands. thus we have made contact with a trusted product manufacturer to ensure that the yaytray will be wonderfully created. we have also begun discussions to optimise the yaytray's design with some relevant manufacturing experts to perfect the yaytray for all our beloved backers. risks and challenges we at yurica are fully committed to creating products of the highest quality and providing complete customer satisfaction in everything we do. thus, we are immensely grateful to every single one of you backers of our yaytray campaign, and our team's goal is to fulfill all of your orders on time while achieving the highest possible quality standards. over the past year, we have meticulously worked our way through many rounds of prototyping to determine the best possible design for the yaytray, and we have also been in talks with multiple potential manufacturers and finally found a manufacturing partner whom we feel is able to work with us to give us the best possible quality yaytrays in a reasonable time frame. our goal is to ship out our very first batch of yaytrays starting april 2018, and the funds that we raise from this campaign will go towards paying for the manufacturing tooling process to commence. as we have already forecasted demand and established both our manufacturing and logistics partners for this venture, we believe that once we are able to raise the necessary funds, we should be able to deliver all your rewards on a timely basis. but of course, especially when it comes to manufacturing, unforeseen circumstances may occur and we wish to assure you that we will be providing constant updates of the yaytray's journey throughout the entire process. we are also always open to be contacted at the following channels should you wish to seek any further clarification from us, or simply drop us a note to tell us how excited you are about the yaytray! website: www.yurica.co facebook: www.facebook.com/yuricalabs instagram: www.instagram.com/yuricalabs thank you once again for your kind support! love, the yurica team learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 