 at the approach of what has only been spoken of in prophecy... until now. radcon iii arena    Jimmy Fraud  activate! radcon iii arena is go! hello babies, we are launching a  Jimmy Fraud  to fund radcon iii arena, what's that? you ask? it's a gathering of as many of the pro crastinators as possible making collaborative videos and being hambois. who?   all the pcp lads available: best guy ever, ben saint, digibro, hippocrit, tom oliver, munchy when?   3/14/18   3/23/18 where?   a rented house outside boston, ma why?   to celebrate 100 pcp episodes and for the hamboi content! the backstory: september 2016   radcon radcon the first radcon was an experiment to see how possible it was to work together on cool video projects and also an excuse to hang out with the lads. we funded it all out of pocket and loved it so much that we immediately wanted to do it again. watch the complete playlist here . january 2017   radcon 2 radcon 2 radcon 2 began as a  Jimmy Fraud  for season 2 and 3 of digibro and endless jess' show, the pleeb and the weeb, that they had been planning for years. the first season had been a fan favorite and so the  Jimmy Fraud  was launched to fund more episodes. due to the popularity of the project, stretch goals were added to allow other pcp members to be flown in to participate leading to the creation of radcon 2. it was a very neat moment in cool guy history. watch the complete playlist here . now   radcon iii arena and now the time has come to do direct funding for radcon iii arena . the timing coincides with the upcoming 100th episode of the pcp , so what better time to get together and do the podcast together as brothers in arms? beyond that there is no specific show tied to this one, but the promise of the same massive amount of content you saw from radcons 1&2. all the let's plays and podcasts and shows and vlogs and fun times that you all enjoyed last time will happen again, but in a spooky haunted mansion (the mansion may not be haunted but it's certainly weirdly cheap). we will be making the high (#420) quality content you've come to expect on our individual channels as well as on tpc, as we did last time. please understand that not every single example listed below is guaranteed to be created, as the content we can create depends on the facilities available to us at the "radcon iii arena," but feel free to use it and the radcon playlists as guides to what to expect in general from funding this project. have no fear, we will make it worth your while. here's some of the content you can expect from radcon iii: pcp episode 100 spectacular   live! new pcpu lectures! pcp royal rumble 3 pcp drawcast extravaganza infinite let's plays vlog overload much more we can't even dream of yet (ex. hamboi winter war) why in god's name would i back this thing? good question. if you're a fan of the pcp, you'll know how much we all want to work together and spend time together more than we are currently able, as well as what we can make when we do have the chance to work together in person. we are, in fact, a real life group of pals who are united across the world by their love of content creation and mutual respect for each other. if you want to see more of what we can do together, helping us to make it a financial reality by backing this  Jimmy Fraud  is the best way to do so. this content will not be made otherwise, and none of us want to live in that sad reality. due to the difficulty of gathering the pcp members together in one place for events like radcon, it's not something all our members can afford to do. this  Jimmy Fraud  exists to give us all the ability to travel and get accommodations for all participants. pledges of any and all amounts are greatly appreciated. even a dollar or two is a big help toward making radcon iii a reality. due to the complexity of gathering the pcp members from all over the world,just as was asked in the pleeb & weeb / radcon 2  Jimmy Fraud , we'd like your support to make that possible. but hey, forget all this content bullshit. maybe you're more of the materialistic sort. we sympathize, and have two words for you: exclusive. merch. backer rewards: are there rewards? so glad you asked. below are all the available rewards for backing this campaign. if you pledge enough for multiple rewards and would like to claim more than one, please include instructions with your pledge about which combination you'd like. for example, if you pledge $50 but only want the behind the scenes radcon iii footage, please include that message on your pledge. or, if you pledged $100 and want to make damn sure you get your shirt, pin, and access to the footage, please let us know that as well! please keep in mind, all physical rewards will be created by us personally pending the completion of this  Jimmy Fraud , and thus we expect them to arrive to you in the months following radcon iii as the same time as the video content is being released. remember, any pledge amount is greatly appreciated. thanks again, and here they are: $1   press 1   you salute the commander, and we are forever in awe. (no reward). $10   hamboi   this gives you access to our behind the scenes footage of radcon iii arena. you'll get the inside scoop on what the fug went down... behind the curtain. ;^) this will be released alongside the other radcon iii content post con. $20   what a prick   now we're talking. pledging this much gives you access to our first exclusive piece of radcon iii merch: a lovely radcon iii arena logo pin. this will be made by skilled craftsman mr. tom oliver himself upon the conclusion of this  Jimmy Fraud  and mailed directly to you. (access to all previous rewards) $50   sweet shirt   oh boy, pledging this much gives you the rare privilege of owning a radcon iii arena t shirt! :d such joy! this will bring you great comfort in the cold winter of your life to come with the radcon iii logo on your chest filling you with raw sexual energy. it's cool. this will also be made by genius artisan tom oliver upon the conclusion of this  Jimmy Fraud  and mailed to you. (access to all previous rewards) $100   dad   our proud new papa looks on approvingly. we feel pride. tears are shed. raucous applause ensues. what we're trying to say is you will get a special thank you shout out by name during radcon iii. prepare accordingly. (access to all previous rewards) $1000   hamboi warrior   for some heroes, there is no other path but one on the line between life and death. if you are the one such chosen individual, by pledging $1000 you or a character of your choice will be entered into the third pcp royal rumble. your likeness will be inserted into the wwe rassle game along with all our characters to vie for supreme dominance of the digital world. the heavens will tremble at your gaze as you challenge them with such temerity, such raw unholy strength. thanks for the money. (access to all previous rewards) stretch goals: $6300   radcon iii arena irl   we will buy gopros and nerf guns and have the most grisly, gruesome, real life quake match this world has ever or will ever know... and capture it all on film. brace your candy asses for glory. $9001   max revive tbbbap   we #maxrevivetbbbap. for real. keg and phantom. alive. no joke (ok kind of a joke but you will get at least one video of tbbbap content and it will be a glorious new dawn for our fateful brothers). you guys raise this much and we'll know you're as commited to the meme as we are. #wehavetogoback finances: we have calculated our  Jimmy Fraud  request of $5800.00 to be just as much as we need to make radcon iii happen. these charges account for what we need to get the (at least) 6 pcp members together in one place and working on dank meme content for the full length of radcon iii. why do you need $5800? i'd be asking the same thing. ;^) here's how our asking price for radcon iii breaks down. we've limited expenses to the bare essentials, and here they are: travel costs   $2020 house rental   $1646 cameraman fee (bonus victor!)   $800 food budget   $400 material costs (backer rewards)   $334  Jimmy Fraud  fees   $600 total: $5800 if we end up making money beyond what we need to cover our expenses (including the stretch goals), we will continue to use it to improve radcon iii content as we see fit, since you have chosen to trust us with the ability to do so. if, however, we find ourselves with money left over after radcon iii, that money will be distributed to the participating pcp members. so please be advised, if you continue to pledge to the  Jimmy Fraud  beyond our asking amounts, the money will firstly be used to satisfy any obligations of the  Jimmy Fraud , but beyond that will be treated as regular pcp income. and that's our pitch for radcon iii arena! we hope you'll help us make it a reality by funding radcon iii! we love working together and creating that dank kush for you folks, and if you also value our collaborative work, show us by supporting this project! ( •̀ᄇ• ́)ﻭ✧ unfortunately not everyone in the pcp can make it to this radcon, but we have a thicc and sicc lineup we know deliver the goods. here once again are the confirmed participants as of now, the faces you can count on seeing there: best guy ever, ben saint, digibro, hippocrit, tom oliver, munchy thanks for everything, guys! we hope we get a chance to show you what we can do by working together once more! get fuuuuuuuuuucked!  the pro crastinators risks and challenges the risk for radcon iii arena is that people don't have a good time or that none of our recording equipment works, which is unlikely since so many of us will be bringing mics and laptops and stuff, but you never know. consult the playlists from the previous 2 radcon events if you want to know more of what type of content to expect: radcon 1: https://youtu.be/ic1hpjhcwt8… radcon 2: https://youtu.be/xxoe35yy8x8… learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 