ck/descriptiondid you ever hear of something long before it exploded into everyday life… but didn’t do anything about it? maybe it was 20 years ago, when you saw the internet revolution coming. maybe you kicked yourself for not paying attention to google or amazon. or maybe it was more recently, when disruptive technologies like mobile apps or streaming video transformed our lives forever? most people will soon be adding another thing to this “what if” list – one that could be just as transformative as any of those. that thing? blockchain. right now, the closest many get to knowing this technology is through bitcoin. but in industries, economies and technologies, the focus is on blockchain   and how those organizations position, adapt or evolve themselves to take advantage of this revolutionary break through. the majority of people don’t know about blockchain yet. but soon, everything will change... you may not realize it yet, but we’re at the beginning of another frontier era. just like the internet did at the start of this century, blockchain is creating a new “wild west”. it’s an untamed land, where opportunity and success wait for those brave enough to discover it. right now, pioneers are moving to stake their claim in this barely discovered territory. and as they push towards that rich country, their carts (and minds) are filled with the one thing needed to make the journey a success. education. with education, these blockchain pioneers will shape society and leave their mark. for those who learn, harness and use this new technology, the opportunities are endless: joining companies like ibm or microsoft, desperately looking for the skills you possess to drive the next generation of innovative ideas utilizing the technology for yourself as a digital entrepreneur, creating disruptors that cut out middlemen and topple outdated business models learning the secrets of cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings (icos) to help frame your investment decisions taking action to understand a technology that’s driving the world deep into the 21st century as one of the rare pioneers who truly understands and can use blockchain, you hold the map to all of these opportunities   and more. so how do you become a blockchain pioneer? most importantly, you have to be interested, if not fascinated, with blockchain. technologies come and go, but only a few really revolutionize the world. if you’re reading this, you already possess this crucial trait. but you also need practical skills. and they’re not as simple to gain as reading up on bitcoin or watching a few youtube videos. to make your way into the world of blockchain, you need to build the entire skillset. that’s what our course will help you achieve. we’re passionate about shining a light onto leading technologies. blockchain is a perfect example. but we’ve chosen it as our next “deep dive” for another big reason: you. the demand to learn this technology has been overwhelming! thousands of tech savvy people already realize the mind blowing potential of blockchain. they’re determined to be amongst the pioneers of this exciting, uncharted field. that’s what we’re planning to help them become. we've already helped thousands gain skills in other cutting edge technology: our deep learning a z and artificial intelligence a z courses both ranked in the top 10 on  Jimmy Fraud . to date, we’ve launched three mega successful campaigns with over 4,000 backers, all hungry for the knowledge and opportunity these skills supplied them. now we’re ready to take on the awesome challenge of uncovering the secrets to mastering blockchain. a blockchain is a continuously growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography. each block typically contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block, a timestamp and transaction data. bitcoin is the most famous application of blockchain, it is the first decentralized digital currency and a peer to peer payment system, meaning that its transactions take place between users directly, without an intermediary. those definitions are a great start. but that's all they are   a start. it took us over 2 months of continuous research on blockchain technology to truly understand how it works. and only after that we were ready to create. and now we want to put all our knowledge together, optimize it into easy to digest tutorials and share it with you. we want to help you avoid all the pitfalls and obstacles that we encountered in our paths. blockchain is going to disrupt the world. we're all going to be part of it and our mission is to guide you along the best path to success with this technology. this course will have two pillars: intuition and practice. with the intuition tutorials (which we expect to comprise hours of content) you will be able to develop a holistic understanding blockchain technology regardless of your starting level. if you're an tech veteran, beginner or have never heard of blockchain before (which is unlikely)   you will be successful with this course. and for those of you who want to dive into the world of coding, there's the second pillar: practice. everyone loves practice. and that's exactly why in this course we will build not one, not two   but three applications: a blockchain , a cryptocurrency , and a smart contract . we will create everything absolutely from scratch, step by step which will give you the opportunity of getting into the right mindset of creation. we will build our blockchain and cryptocurrency in python and the smart contract on ethereum using solidity . we will show you how to get the right logic of coding and how to get into the right mindset. and on top of all of that, we're even going to launch our own simulated initial coin offering (ico). and if you want to tackle the 2nd pillar of this course (practice), you will also learn and get to use many of the most powerful tools which are part of the blockchain world: json   stands for javascript object notation and it’s a data format; ganache   allows to fire up a personal ethereum blockchain which you can use to run tests, execute commands, and inspect state while controlling how the chain operates; postman   the most complete toolchain for api development; myetherwallet   an open source tool for generating ethererum wallets & sending transactions; remix   the most popular and user friendly integrated development environment (ide) for solidity; anaconda   an open source distribution of the python and r programming languages for large scale data processing, predictive analytics, and scientific computing, that aims to simplify package management and deployment; flask   a micro web development framework for python; spyder   a powerful python ide with advanced editing and features; once you know how to use these tools, you can construct blockchains and the supporting infrastructure for anything. like what, you ask? well, try … a trusted mechanism that tracks and protects hard valuables like diamonds a way for neighbors to sell excess solar energy to each other   with no intermediary taking a “cut” the means to manage swarms of decentralized, autonomous robotic workers in the near future your passport, birth certificate, id – any document that’s part of your identity – kept safely and securely in the digital world “linkedin on the blockchain” – a way to store verified career and academic achievements that both professionals and employers can trust when you hold the power, your choices are limitless. when we say you’ll get a comprehensive course that provides everything you need to build a blockchain, we mean it. can you get all of these topics on youtube or elsewhere online? sure you can... but what you won't get is the weeks and months of work we're putting into this course to link these topics up into a holistic understanding of blockchain. the structure of blockchain a z™ will include three modules. and each module will be so detailed and thorough, that you’ll practically be getting three courses which extend your knowledge and skills far beyond just building a blockchain. to create your blockchain, you’ll be leveraging the power of python and its rich libraries. but don’t worry if you’re not familiar with it. python is an easy, expressive language that you’ll pick up quickly, and we’ll be there to guide you every step of the way. module 1: create a blockchain   we will start at the very beginning . intuition: what is a blockchain? understanding sha256 hash immutable ledger distributed p2p network how mining works: the nonce how mining works: the cryptographic puzzle byzantine fault tolerance consensus protocol: defense against attackers consensus protocol: proof of work (pow) blockchain demo practice: initializing the “genesis block” understanding the difference between creating a block and mining a block the essential keys that each block needs, like the index and proof how to get the last block of the current chain you’re dealing with proof of work: creating problems that are challenging to solve but easy to verify for your software the mechanism that checks your entire blockchain stays valid creating a web application to allow us to interact with our blockchain where the rubber hits the road: mining a new block ourselves and adding it to the chain using json to return informative messages and data about your chain module 2: create a cryptocurrency   the next step of our journey. intuition: what is bitcoin? bitcoin's monetary policy understanding mining difficulty virtual tour of a bitcoin mine mining pools nonce range how miners pick transactions cpus vs gpus vs asics exploring real world stats on blockchain.info how do mempools work? orphaned blocks the 51% attack transactions & utxos where do transaction fees come from? how wallets work signatures: private & public keys signatures & keys demo what is segregated witness? (segwit) public key vs bitcoin address hierarchically deterministic (hd) wallets practice: setting up the specific libraries to build your cryptocurrency learning the key differences between a general blockchain and a cryptocurrency transforming your blockchain into a cryptocurrency that works just like bitcoin tackling transactions: be able to send and receive hadcoin transactions in just a few minutes putting the building blocks into place for decentralizing your blockchain with nodes why you need “consensus”, and how to make sure nodes are up to date at any time (and fix them if they aren’t) handling the network side of cryptocurrency transactions mining your new cryptocurrency using the two “pillars” you’ve just developed making your transactions super secure when they’re mined developing every request your blockchain needs to handle a decentralized infrastructure module 3: create a smart contract   let's cross the finish line. intuition: what is ethereum? what is a smart contract? decentralized applications (dapps) ethereum virtual machine & gas decentralized autonomous organizations (daos) the dao attack soft and hard forks (part 1) soft and hard forks (part 2) initial coin offerings (icos) ico case study limitations of blockchains sharding proof of stake (pos) vs proof of work (pow) web 3.0 & blockchain 3.0 practice: adding the extra tools you’ll need to launch your ico how to set the conversion value of your new cryptocurrency into a real dollar rate creating the mapping to keep track of an investor’s equity in hadcoins and dollars making sure an investor can only buy hadcoins if there are any available checking the balance of an ico investor in both hadcoins and dollars building the buy functionality: allowing your investors to get in on the ico selling up: allowing investors to sell the coins and get their dollars back doing the deal: launching your hadcoin ico (and testing every part of the functionality) as a special bonus for all our  Jimmy Fraud  backers, you’ll receive an additional module to elevate your understanding of blockchain to new heights. module 4: create another blockchain application special bonus for  Jimmy Fraud  backers only. not available anywhere else. you’ve built a blockchain and a cryptocurrency, but you’ll now develop another blockchain for an entirely new purpose. we’ll guide you on how to create this additional application to spark ideas, enhance your intuition and develop your technical skills even further. that’s at least 20% extra course material! with this course, you’ll have everything you need to venture into the ultra exciting world of blockchain. but we want to give you even more. these bonuses will open your mind to what’s possible with the power of new technology: 1. the top 3 crypto truths (video + infographic): there are many secrets about cryptocurrencies out there. but what are the ultimate truths? 2. top industries that will be disrupted (video + infographic): blockchain is coming. most industries will never be the same. find out which areas are bulging with opportunity. 3. how to invest in icos (video + cheatsheet): if you want to make more sense of the confusing world of initial coin offerings (ico), you’ll learn all about them here*. * note: the information provided is of a general nature and is not investment advice of any kind. 1. from novice to blockchain expert: the #1 criteria for success in anything is to be fascinated. if you combine your interest in blockchain with this training, you’ve got everything you need to become an expert in the field   even if you’re unsure where to begin. 2. a focus on doing, not just listening: the best way to reinforce a skill is to practice it yourself. not only we’ll each and every single line of code, but we will also take regular steps back to see the logical flow of our creations. 3. the guide to intuitive understanding: in this course you will not only develop the required skills and deep knowledge about blockchain, but you will also get the right tech instincts. through this intuition you will feel where and how to apply blockchain in the real world. 4. real world applications: the projects you’ll develop provide the perfect starting point to rapidly gain expertise. everything you build and practice will be an exciting journey with real world impact. when finished, you’ll be 100% ready to apply your skills to anything blockchain related. 5. our commitment to you: when you back our  Jimmy Fraud , you’re making a commitment. and we want to make a commitment in return. if you need help getting through the course, have a question or are just plain stuck, our dedicated team of teaching assistants will be in touch within 24 hours to assist with any problem you’re facing. “what if i don’t have any need for blockchain right now?” it’s quite possible you don’t need blockchain for what you’re working on right now. while it’s exploding, the technology hasn’t become a mainstream part of life… yet. but that’s exactly why we’re offering this course. blockchain may not be for today, but for a tomorrow where this technology is the backbone of international commerce, healthcare, energy, data exchange and more. it’s great you don’t need complex math or programming, but isn’t this just too simple? blockchain, at its lowest level, is just code. that’s what we’re guiding you on how to develop (along with the mindset behind that). math and sophisticated encryption are handled by python libraries, which allows you to purely focus on the critical ideas behind blockchain itself. wait. hold on. are we going to be creating a real, proper blockchain? yes, that’s exactly what we’re doing. in this course you will create a blockchain exactly like the ones used in the real world. i’ve seen other courses charge for a certificate, is this the same? others might do this, but we believe if you’ve learned the skills, you’ve earned the right to a certificate that says so. that’s why you pay nothing more for your certificate of completion when you finish. use it to prove yourself to potential employers, build on your business credentials or simply show it off to friends. we’ll be on hand to support you along your entire journey! see what other students just like you are saying about our recent best selling courses: upon completion of this course you’ll get a verifiable electronic certificate which you can use to boost business credentials, increase the chances of landing that dream job in tech or simply show off to your connections on linkedin (the actual design will differ): blockchain won’t be a revolutionary technology forever. pioneers, already educated in utilizing it, are making territorial claims in this opportunity rich technology at this very moment. we can’t wait to make this course a reality, and help you harness the power of blockchain. are you ready to join those exclusive ranks and leverage this technology for your own goals? to blockchain!  kirill and hadelin get your project funded today! get cash back on the projects you love! risks and challenges there are numerous risks associated with creating an online course. some of the major ones include: sourcing the right equipment, learning to produce clear and engaging tutorials, finding what exactly interests our students, having the appropriate level of subject matter expertise. having built up a substantial level of expertise in the space of online education we are confident that we are well equipped to face any challenges: we have tried and tested equipment including backup hardware and software; between the two of us we have already produced over 30 courses with hundreds of hours of content and over a thousand tutorials enabling us to develop our unique engaging teaching styles; we constantly interact with our existing 400,000+ students including q&a, webinars and surveys   this allows us to know exactly what common painpoints we need to address in the course content; and finally, we do have extensive backgrounds in data science, machine learning and artificial intelligence but we are constantly doing research and deepening our own knowledge to make sure we can deliver the best of the best to our students in blockchain a z. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 