ypal update 14: ship mascots unlocked! a briefing on the morgana, an interview with uss nautilus and an interlude with corruption! update 13: construction gals unlocked! r&d and an interview with...uss mahan! update 12: funded! production & an interview with uss mississippi! update 11: writing of belles, & an interview with velasco! update 10: video interview with uss boise & '39 artbook preview update 9: art of belles, & an interview with la motte picquet! update 8: design of belles, an interview with exeter! update 7: researching belles and an interview with voykov! update 6: critical hits, death date, 日本語版インターフェース, and an interview with belfast! update 5: the international naval protection force & scharnhorst update 4: the war, stretch goals & fubuki update 3: combat flow & uss salt lake city update 2: r.n. espero & story dialogue update 1: naval operations featured belles! the 1st stretch goal has been unlocked!! miss elsie excels at expression & enigmas the construction gals are released into the factories of each nation! these enterprising, and collectible, chibis provide various bonuses to research and production, as well unlocking some unique equipment variations! for backers who have pledged at $150 and above, a construction gal for your nation will be unlocked for you on launch day additionally, the french destroyer maillé brézé is added to the game as a starting french belle! the 2nd stretch goal has been unlocked!!! mascots for the fleet! ship mascots board your fleet! these historically based snuggly, battle hardened kittens, puppies and more are ready to do their part against the morganas! having a mascot with your belles provides bonus stats and morale, in addition to being perilously cute. for backers who have pledged at $150 and above, a mascot of your nation will be unlocked for you on launch day! additionally, the destroyer moskva is added to the game as a starting soviet belle! " waifus and warships? it's something i never knew i needed." victory belles is an ios/web game of chaotic turn based brawls via spotlight and star shell, epic destruction by 14" naval rifle, flights of torpedo and dive bombers at dawn, and burning hulls left to slip beneath the waves. as captain, you lead beautiful and deadly personifications of wwii warships into battle over the most dangerous secret man was not meant to know. the strongest navies of 1939   those of the united states, great britain, soviet union, nazi germany, france, italy, and imperial japan   must work together, despite threat and treachery, to defend humanity from a monstrous new foe. battling in every stretch of water from the aleutian islands to the coasts of west africa, you will have the opportunity to assemble a fleet of over 120+ of the most powerful, famous, and glorious warships of the time to fight for the fate of the world! outgunned and outnumbered, you decide your nation's strategy against the growing threat. everything from your naval base to the complement of the fleet's air arm is at your discretion. you’ll take command of the most pivotal battles, and shape the course of the war. will the french navy sail away from mers el kébir with an alliance intact? can the soviets keep the last baltic defenses of the revolution from being destroyed by the enemy? the fleet waits for your signal, and the world holds its breath. on september 1, 1939, the major powers of the world are engaged in a war that will change the course of history. europe is on fire, the shadow of japan has fallen across east asia, and it’s finally clear to every nation   axis, allied, or non aligned   that the war to end all wars was really nothing more than a preamble to one last great global collision of empires. but this will not be the war that history expected. from every ocean and every sea rise fleets of strange new combatants   far more numerous, far more powerful and far more savage than any armada the world has ever known. these fearsome new enemies, the morganas, have declared war on all of humanity. the navies of the axis and allied powers must unite against them   even if their governments sometimes have other ideas. aleutian campaign   you select the path, scout, and order air strikes! our greatest allies are the courageous and powerful belles. woken from deep slumber, the belles are the souls of their namesake ships taken form. with a belle on deck, a ship becomes stronger, more accurate, and capable of enduring more punishment than otherwise physically possible. the first belles to wake on that dark september day have chosen you as their captain and it is up to you lead them into battle against the morganas. you hold the fate of humanity in your capable hands, and the battle for the future of the world is yours to win. your fleets are collected from over 120 unique belles. although you are loyal to one of the seven great naval powers of 1939, you can collect any belle, from any nation. as a german captain, you can commission the vivacious uss new orleans . as a brit, you can woo the rough and tumble parizhskaya kommuna . and as an american, you can win the ferocious takao to your side. commanding a diverse fleet with unique personalities, abilities, and potentials is your best defense and offense in the greatest war the world has ever known. your influence can sway nations to invest in the research, development and diplomatic channels you need to upgrade and improve your arsenal. rpc fire control on the hms orion and an arado ar 196 on the aoba ’s catapult are possible through your prestige. influencing the war can be a tricky proposition furthermore, you can accessorize belles with vestures , special items of exotic design or of personal significance. vestures are the perfect gift for the fashion conscious warship, and can be collected to dramatically boost their power and morale. your nation grants you access to their most strategic regional bases. protecting and leveling these bases will give you the logistics to project maximum firepower. malta dominates the central mediterranean, wilhelmshaven controls the approach to the baltic, and truk holds the key to the philippine sea. investment in naval bases enables you to use land based aircraft and even shore batteries to turn the tide against the morganas. the first shots of war have been fired…how will you respond? have you ever wondered what would happen if a type 91 shell fired from the nagato ’s 41cm batteries struck 14 inches of krupp cemented 'new type' (kc n/a) armor on gneisenau ’s belt? in 1939, to achieve that hit, the captain of the nagato would have had to plot his attack based on an wide array of factors: weather conditions, range, enemy maneuverability, the roll, pitch and yaw of his own ship, and more. additionally, he would be trying to keep his vessel within her immunity zone, while attempting to maximize the effect of her guns. as captain, you will be facing similar challenges. your fleet’s gunnery uses a historically accurate algorithm derived from the ridiculously cool research of naval weapons expert nathan okun and his armor penetration calculation program, facehard. okun’s decades of analysis on materials, armor types, weapons and ballistics of world war ii warships feeds the combat model that determines whether or not your shot hits, penetrates, and to what extent it damages the enemy. critical hits are the difference between victory at sea and davy jones' locker interested captains can spend many fascinating hours researching the physics behind a successful hit at nathan okun's resource page , or even try out facehard for themselves, if they want to understand ww2 naval combat in detail. the flow of combat revel in the carnage as you lead your fleet of belles in battle in all kinds of seas, against dive bombers, torpedoes and naval guns   and when you tear through the armor of your foe, setting them ablaze and leaving them to slip beneath the waves in your wake, you’ll know you really earned it. you can date a battleship. <mic drop> every belle has a distinct personality, from cheeky and flirtatious to fiery and passionate. as captain, you will forge relationships by fighting together in the intense heat of naval battle, and deepen those relationships by unlocking individual romance campaigns. your powerful, beautiful and dangerous ships have a unique relationship with their captain, and pursuing their multi part romances   whether that be leading rn axum as she stalks and destroys a terrible foe or dabbling with soviet theater on the leningrad   allows you to deepen those bonds and improve the capabilities of the ships themselves. there’s nothing to stop you from romancing multiple warships simultaneously (though you’re already facing a fair amount of danger in your day job!), but you if you don’t want the, ah, discomfort of a love triangle involving naval artillery, you can keep your relations on the professional side, too. just as all the belles all have unique personalities, it only makes sense that they should have a unique sound as well. we want each of the 120+ of the mighty warships to have their own voice, in the language of their nation. drawing from actresses working in anime, video games and other media, the cast breathes life into the complex personalities of your fleet. here's a preview of our cast! keeping the world of victory belles as immersive as possible, we’re working with actresses and translators of many different nationalities to give each belle an authentic sound. we want the german ships to greet you in german, the soviet ships to insult their foes in russian, the japanese ships to gossip about you in japanese, and the french ships to whisper sweet nothings in the most romantic language on the planet. the belles can also be subtitled for those captains who are a little rusty with foreign languages. admit it: there’s just something unforgettably beautiful about radio chatter from six different languages over the thunder of battle... our mission is to create an exciting strategic game based on real world war ii warship data, with intense gameplay and beautifully crafted belles. we're full steam ahead on building a gorgeous and authentic free to play web/ios story driven collection role playing game, but there's so much more we could do. we really want to expand the game in terms of voice work, art and story, and that's where the captains of the world come in. we’re reaching out to the  Jimmy Fraud  community for support in translating and voicing the belles, producing advanced ui functions and creating tons and tons of equipment illustrations. by meeting our funding goal, we'll be able to add more actresses, historical gameplay and specialized equipment to better tell the fascinatingly fun and complex story of the war. it also allows us to slip a few surprises in the game to really immerse you in the world, build in a little more mayhem, and bring in some of the more fanciful and obscure technology of ww2, complete with specialized rules for their use. anti morgana neutrality markings, '39 thanks for your support and we look forward to the moment your fleet leaves dock for the first time, ready to take on the most menacing and alluring adversaries ever unleashed onto the high seas! at $50k, the construction gals are released into the factories of each nation! these enterprising, and collectible, chibis provide various bonuses to research and manufacturing, as well unlocking some unique equipment variations! additionally, the french destroyer maillé brézé is added to the game as a starting french belle! at $75k, ship mascots board your fleet! these historically based snuggly, battle hardened kittens, puppies and more are ready to do their part against the morganas! having a mascot with your belles provides bonus stats and morale, in addition to being perilously cute. additionally, the destroyer moskva is added to the game as a starting soviet belle! at $100k, medals may be awarded by each nation in the game for services rendered. collectible and cosmetic, your display of medals will serve as a reminder of previous victories, and battles yet to come. additionally, hms rawalpindi, the bravest (or craziest) belle in the fleet is added to the game as a starting united kingdom belle! meow (translation: i'm a stretch goal!) who are the distinguished minds that make up the naval war college at black chicken studios, inc.? we introduce you to the leads of our humble company, without taking away any of the outstanding effort and work from the entire team (over 40 members and counting!): chief fashion officer, anh sawh anh is lead fashionista, a researcher and a character designer for victory belles. when not hunting down the latest in '30s fashion, she can be seen sketching, crafting and coloring. she has also worked on every bcs project since 2005. everything you like about our page, site and campaign presentation is due to her. vp without portfolio, john daly john is black chicken's longtime (2006) editor in chief, vice president without portfolio, master wordsmyth and improvisational world designer. he's also served as food taster for the legate of mineta, conference director at the von prinzwald symposium on situational and non traditional ethics in archaeology, social secretary for the thaneshold junior spelunkers' league, and body double for an unnamed presidential candidate. though he's rarely seen in public, photographic evidence suggests that he is ninety percent made of chin. high researcher, krissy stangarone krissy is lead researcher, an editor and a writer on victory belles. she joined the project in 2015 to bring lady lex to life, and continued on as a research analyst, world war ii enthusiast, and collector of rare antiquities. when not commanding the hms surprise in the king’s service, she moonlights as a dark lord of the sith. chief of 'no', larry sawh larry is the producer of victory belles and co founder since 2005. he realized at an early age that if he wanted to play the games he really liked, he’d have to play dirty. everything else since that time has just been a cunning plan to get tarn & zach adams to finish dwarf fortress. if you don’t like something about victory belles, it’s his fault. wordsmyth about town, laura ketchum laura is lead belle writer, an editor and a researcher for victory belles. she's worked with black chicken studios since 2015, stuffing more banter and sarcasm into her writing than what's probably advisable. she also works in film production in st. louis. she's probably not related to a certain pokemon trainer. she might, however, be captain marvel. the siren of '15, marissa lenti marissa is victory belle's casting director since 2015, diligently casting the voices for all 120+ belles, in each of the game's languages. she's an anime voice actress who works with funimation and has appeared in animes like one piece, fairy tail, attack on titan, and more  and she's previously lent her casting & directing skills to screwattack's death battle! for the past two seasons. if there’s a monster roaming free in the wild, she’s caught it. or will, soon. mike of all trades, michael scarpelli michael is the utility player at black chicken, since 2005. he has worn all the hats ranging all the way from co founder to human resources. he has assisted with world building and character development on essentially every black chicken project, including victory belles. he’s responsible for everything that you like about our projects. very hip, very nuclear heroine, pauline horcher pauline is the lead editor for the nation stories in victory belles. she's worked with black chicken as an editor and a writer since 2011, and is proudest of writing the mummy romance in scheherazade. direct quote: “you're welcome.” her trademark sass and wit finds its way into every bcs project, and we wouldn’t have it any other way. wise wizard, roman dudarev roman was born in the soviet union in 1978, and spent his childhood there. he got everything he could from his country: kindergarten, school and house of pioneers. then the university, but in the new russia. he has a master's degree. as a child, he dreamed of piloting spaceships to surf the universe, but is now engaged in programming and creating new universes himself! he joined the team as lead developer in 2006, and has never once introduced a bug which wasn't also a well planned and very intentional feature. chef du belles, salmon88 salmon88 is an international art director and artist of mystery, connoisseur of naval technology, and a patron of sashimi. victory belles is the second project salmon has worked on with bcs, the other being [redacted] in 2015. besides having a fresh vision, a gift for composition and coloring, he also is one of the most talented artists we have ever had the pleasure to know. direct quote: “hi to the supporter.” if you would like to see some of salmon’s other work, you can lose hours here: http://salmon88.deviantart.com/ risks and challenges the cast for this game will be huge, and the major challenge will be to find the exact, right actress for every belle  especially the foreign language ones. similarly, the amount of equipment art in the game is vast, and style matching across all the artists necessary to produce it can be a struggle (although a fun one). however, our team has already begun to tackle all of these challenges for the current build of the game, with many belles cast and over half of the art assets completed. with the right funding, we're perfectly on track to deliver all these assets for the game's launch. plus, we have, collectively, decades of experiences solving exactly these kinds of problems, and definitely have the right network to find the talent. there's always the chance that a shell will find our ammunition magazine, but we'll always be transparent and communicative about any issues: that's in our version of the rocks and shoals! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 