criptionintroducing.... the mint maraschino !!!! our latest addition to the maraschino line is the mint (maraschino integrated nano technology), a super high performance audiophile grade stereo amplifier, made in the usa , for use with: high end audio systems      feed the mint with balanced or single ended sources (from a preamp or d/a converter). computer audio / high end gaming machines     for the most amazing pc sound system! high resolution audio players such as pono, fiio, and the new high bandwidth sony walkman. mint target specifications: gain: 22db sensitivity (king 60v version): 3.1vin for 400wout into 4ω sensitivity (48v version): 2.2vin for 200wout into 4ω snr: 120db input impedance: 20 kω, true balanced thd+n: 0.002% frequency response: 0 hz to >100 khz size and weight: 7.8" x 6.5" x 2.3", <3 lbs (amp only) output power (king 60v version): 400wpc into 4ω output power (48v version): 250wpc into 4ω power efficiency: 95% protection: thermal, current, voltage, auto recovery output impedance: <0.02ω ac power (king 60v version): 100 130vac/200 250vac, 50 60hz ac power (48v version): 100 250vac, 50 60hz mint connections      using a preamp mint connections      no preamp what is the mint ? the mint maraschino is a two channel implementation of the maraschino amplifier circuit plus input select (front/back), sleep control (on/off/auto), and volume control. power is provided by a single, external, upgradeable power supply. there is a standard (48v) version and a king version (60v). output power is up to 250w with the standard version and up to 1000w with the king version! the king version also includes gold wbt binding posts. all this in a beautiful, compact (7.8" x 6.5" x 2.3") extruded aluminum chassis on sorbothane feet. measured performance is expected to be as good or better than the current maraschino monoblock design used in the desktop and in line maraschino amplifiers. here are some plots to show what the maraschino can do: maraschino performance plots this video explains why we're doing this project: you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 today's high res music needs better amplification today's music players support 24 bit resolution and sample rates to 384khz. high bandwidth, low noise amplifiers are required to take advantage of the improved sonics that today’s high quality recordings can provide, adding to everyone’s listening enjoyment. digital amp co mint maraschino prototype, front, led is green the mint maraschino is designed to optimize your music listening experience. we have implemented our patented technology to provide audio performance well above mass market products at a very reasonable price. the mint can also be used as a computer sound system. use it with your tablet, laptop, or desktop pc. use it for gaming, multi media playback, and of course, beautiful music! mint maraschino amplifier features: · dc coupled signal path on an isolated ground, flat down to 0 hz ! · low output impedance over entire audio band · patented and proprietary component level design · two channel design is compact yet extremely powerful (up to 1000w) · 4 times the bandwidth of other class d amplifiers · legendary cherry amplifier sonics · micro power auto sleep mode can be turned on/off mint maraschino controls and front input silk screen the mint maraschino prototypes will not include silkscreen on the panels, but the pre productions units will. don't worry, though, operation is simple enough that the switch functions become obvious. a bit about high resolution audio content today's best sounding audio sources are high rate and high resolution. what's the difference? well, more detail and more realism. here are common digital audio formats and their data rates: cd lossless quality recordings: 1411 kbps (44.1khz / 16 bit) high resolution recordings: 2304 kbps (48khz / 24 bit) higher resolution recordings: 4608 kbps (96khz / 24 bit) ultra high resolution recordings: 9216 kbps (192khz / 24 bit) lower memory cost has led to more room to accommodate better audio on your hard drive as well as on your phone or other portable devices. high resolution audio takes a lot more room, but it's finally not such a bad issue. balanced inputs as with many high end audio devices, the mint maraschino has true balanced inputs. these are located on the rear panel. some hi res audio players, such as pono, offer balanced outputs by using special cables available from the manufacturer. mint connections      using balanced true inputs for pono mint maraschino prototype digital amp co mint maraschino prototype, king version, back operation to operate the mint, you simply select the source and adjust the volume! digital amp co mint maraschino prototype we believe the mint maraschino will open the door to truly taking advantage of today’s high resolution audio players and content. with a target snr of more than 120db and infinitesimal distortion, the mint can deliver all the goodness right to your existing speakers, giving you a compact and high performance audio experience at a very reasonable cost. what's in the box standard mint maraschino: (1) mint maraschino integrated amplifier (dayton binding posts) (1) 48v universal ac medical grade power supply (2) compact rca to xlr adapters (1) 16 gauge power cord king mint maraschino: (1) mint maraschino integrated amplifier (gold wbt binding posts) (1) 60v 1kw power supply (ac range determined by shipping address) (1) dc snake super low impedance dc cable (2) compact rca to xlr adapters (1) 16 gauge power cord dimensions 48v power supply      8.2" x 2.9" x 1.6" 60v power supply      6.3" x 6.5" x 2.3" mint amplifier      7.8" x 6.5" x 2.3" power supply photos mint maraschino 60v 1kw power supply (king version) super low impedance dc_snake cable for maraschino 48v universal ac medical grade power supply more info for more information about cherry amplifiers, including the in line and desktop maraschino, please visit cherryamp.com. happy listening !!!! our previous  Jimmy Fraud  we recently completed a successful  Jimmy Fraud  project (in line maraschino), funded 150%. here's a link in case you're curious: https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/projects/378044010/in line maraschino a strong history   reviews of cherry amplifiers digital amplifier company has a history of successful products such as cherry plus launched in 2010. it was chosen by stereo times as the most wanted component of 2010. “easily my 'publisher's choice! most wanted component' for 2010!” – clement perry, stereo times. the desktop maraschino has been endorsed by the following publications…. "....the baby cherries do the air thing better" –srajan ebaen, 6moons ....the maraschinos own some of the nicest sounding upper registers i’ve had the pleasure of listening to." – greg simmons, stereo times "....very quickly addicting such that even familiar recordings come alive with a fresh perspective. this may be due to the maraschinos’ incredibly quiet background." – andre marc, tone audio hifizine   the enthusiast's audio webzine "i was not imagining it. in my years of reviewing gear, i can’t think of a single occasion when a change of amp more surprised me, and all this in a budget system. don’t ever doubt that well designed amplification can make a real difference!" – patrick dillon, hifizine customer reviews much better then the 125 watt ice power i used before. the maraschinos sounded instantly more open and alive and does all what i liked about class d and in a lot areas much better.   dany b, belguim today i made a comparison with the cherry maraschinos to my dussun d9 power stage. before this i did a comparison with the mighty dussun v8i. .....the d9 throws music to you that you instantly like, the maraschino is more focused, more tighter and pure without losing that soundstage i like about that dussun. what amp can beat these maraschinos?? i guess only another amp from the same company??   rcduck7 (from audiocircle.com) maraschino cherry 48v desktop mono blocks.... i have been critiquing music, recordings and audio equipment for over 40 years.these are high end mono blocks. they are very nice looking ,well constructed ,easy to hookup and operate. as a consumer and "audiophile" (as my friends have labelled me ) i really enjoy the sound being produced. the speakers i used were not as good as the amps. the maraschino's brought the b&w's and ohm's to an entirely new level.   gerry m., vt maraschino kings ...because of the already well reviewed sonic virtues of your maraschino technology and the ability to handle ultra low speaker impedances—the pair of maraschino kings i bought from you outperformed all the other contenders when driving the martin logan’s esl montis. as far as i am concerned, i can state without reservations that adding to my system the combination of the maraschino kings and the montis resulted in the best reproduction of a music event i have ever heard .   dr larkos, white plains ny current maraschino versions desktop maraschino in line maraschino more reviews to see more maraschino reviews, please take a look here . more about us digital amplifier company was founded in 1996 to develop amplifier technology for consumer and professional applications. we first marketed intellectual property to semiconductor companies, then we changed our focus to finished products. our dac4800a ultra linear stereo power amp was originally conceived as an evaluation platform for our home grown high power amplifier modules. after this, we created the cherry amplifier series, which received accolades from magazine reviewers, but more importantly from our customers. as our products gained momentum in the market, we went on to create the maraschino, reaching previously unattainable levels of audio performance. we created the desktop maraschino, an amplifier mounted to natural stone on sorbothane feet and the in line maraschino, an amplifier that can be hung from the speaker for zero footprint applications. some refer to our in line maraschino as the "hanging maraschino". disclaimer : the mint maraschino amplifier is not affiliated with or endorsed by pono™, apple™ or any music player and their affiliates. risks and challenges risks are low digital amplifier company has successfully designed and built amplifiers for more than 18 years. we need to overcome various technical issues to produce this state of the art amplifiers .taking advantage of our already established engineering design methodologies; to bring another unique amp to the high end audio market. our product development process is proven to be highly effectively. this will be our 5th amplifier in the cherry product line. we continually push the envelope in amplifier design, while maintaining our focus on the customer. this has given us a growing and loyal customer base. challenges our biggest design challenge with mint maraschino is putting two channels on one board and still achieving a snr of more than 120db. this amp must remain true to it's cherry heritage while pushing the limits of audio technology . how we will use the money the goal is to offer a versatile stereo amplifier with extremely high performance for well under $2000. this will require us to utilize our design expertise to lower the cost of materials without compromising performance. the funds will also be used to get the mint maraschino into production. this requires finalization of pcb layout, component selection, and mechanical design. supply chain / time line another challenge is dealing with long lead time items. some specialty components have 8 10 week delivery, so component selection and purchasing must be well in advance of prototyping and pre production runs. we need to place orders immediately with our supply chain partners. there is also much testing and tweaking to do in order to optimize sound quality while maintaining excellent measured performance. we will also build the mint maraschinos in an assembly line fashion which will speed up the build and test process while reducing cost. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 