/description"the tulpa tree" (art by david romero) (representative of our book's style) about chilling tales for dark nights chilling tales for dark nights is a popular horror themed audio storytelling brand, youtube channel and podcast network, produced by chilling entertainment, created in late 2012 by author and lifelong scary stories fanatic craig groshek , and produced through collaboration between a multinational team of independent authors, sound designers, composers, illustrators and voice over artists. the series is known for its immersive high quality enhanced audio book style productions, which often feature full casts, professional voice acting, hollywood quality sound effects and original scores. as of july 2018, the team behind chilling tales for dark nights has launched three itunes 5 star rated horror podcasts through their simply scary podcasts network , and their youtube channel, which features over 1,000 productions, counts more than 222k+ subscribers and 27.8+ million views. mock book covers of trilogy about the anthology with this fundraiser, craig and the team behind chilling tales for dark nights make their first foray into anthology horror publishing, endeavoring to release one or more collections of original folklore inspired scary stories, each of them illustrated by simply scary podcast artist david romero in a sinister black and white style which may remind readers of the work of stephen gammell as featured in the scary stories to tell in the dark series written by alvin schwartz in the 1980s and 1990s. each book in the series, which will be available in both ebook and print editions, will include 30 or more fully illustrated tales of terror, written specifically this project by more than four dozen critically acclaimed and recognizable authors from the popular reddit nosleep, creepypasta, and horror anthology communities. see the below section, "about the authors", for a full list of those involved at this time. stretch goals are set up to allow us to expand the single book into a trilogy and open up public submissions (see below for more information about our stretch goals, and how you can help expand the scope of the project to allow for your own story to be submitted for consideration). each original story will be inspired by folklore and dark fairytales, intended to lend the fiction a unique, old fashioned air of authenticity, as if you the reader are actually enjoying a tale passed down through generations, all the while allowing each author's unique flair and writing style to shine through. each book will be produced in an ebook, paperback, and audio book edition, all in house by the members of our team. the audio book edition will feature every story in a full cast format, complete with sound effects and original music. rest assured, though this is our first horror anthology featuring the work of multiple authors, it is not our first book. in 2016, we released author william dalphin's 5 star collection of 35 terrifying tales, don't look away . we are familiar with marketplace requirements, as well as adept when it comes to the editing and formatting processes. so far as audio goes, we've been producing high quality audio horror for nearly 6 years, so you can rest assured we've got that covered. see below for a link to one of many examples of our work in the audio genre over the years. or visit our youtube channel , podcasts networks , or our spotify profile, if you'd like to hear more. regardless of which version of the book you decide to enjoy, you can count on us to produce something beautiful, high quality, and well edited, that will make you proud to have supported it, and everyone involved proud to be involved. "the anchor" (art by david romero) about the authors more than 50 amazing authors have already been contacted and are officially involved in the project as of the launch of this fundraiser. among those involved are reddit nosleep "best of the year" award winners, award winning horror novelists, past ctfdn writing contest winners, authors of a number of legendary creepypasta classics, authors/hosts of several popular horror themed storytelling podcasts, and writers whose genre defining work has been secured by hollywood and the television industry for adaptation to films and more! the current list of those involved is as follows (in alphabetical order by last name) (click on their names to learn more about them): robert ahern kevin david anderson k. banning kellum felix blackwell milos bogetic nick botic matthew "humboldt lycanthrope" brockmeyer al bruno iii christa carmen l. chan james colton edwin crowe william dalphin blair daniels g.m. danielson (host of the simply scary podcast ) charlie davenport jasper dewitt eric dodd matt dymerski jeffrey ebright tom farr david feuling jon grilz (host of the creepy podcast) craig groshek (creator of chilling tales for dark nights ) michael t. guidry doug hantke jim harberson andrew harmon ted hegemann (author of " ted the caver ") joshua l. hood michael "shadowswimmer77" landry max lobdell (of unsettlingstories.com ) kristopher mallory luciano marano brian martinez christopher maxim j.d. mcgregor meagan j. meehan soren narnia (of knifepoint horror ) leonard petracci jonathan reiman h.k. reyes david sharrock aaron shotwell dylan sindelar j. speziale drew stepek (author of the award winning novel knuckle supper ) kris straub (creator of candle cove ) kevin thomas darren todd jake tri (author of the nightmare soup series) tobias wade c.k. walker michael whitehouse jonathan "bogleech" wojcik christopher howard "slimebeast" wolf s.c. young about the funds needed the funds required to produce each book in the series is approximately $5,000. this conservative cost covers necessary expenses such as illustration, cover design, licensing fees,  Jimmy Fraud  related charges, and administrative expenses paid to 3rd parties to ensure the final product is both accessible, pristine, and professional in appearance. in a marketplace saturated with hastily constructed products, we want to make sure our books stand out and make you proud. the breakdown of expenses looks something like this per book: 31%   full color jacket/cover design and interior llustrations covers the cost of a full page (or two half page) black and white interior illustration for each story in the book, as well as a handful of other embellishments to enhance titles and other sections of the book, and also a full color wrap around cover for the book. 32%   licensing fees covers the cost of a nominal fee to be paid to each contributor to the book at what each author has agreed is a fair exchange for non exclusive 1st print rights to the stories penned specifically for this anthology series 13%   formatting and editing expenses covers the cost of necessary formatting and editing services to create fantastic looking versions of the book for multiple electronic formats, as well as print versions. 10%    Jimmy Fraud  required cut and payment processor fees creates a buffer to cover the 5% mandatory  Jimmy Fraud  cut of proceeds, as well as a 5% overheard for additional mandatory payment processor fees. 14%   reserve for audiobook production, buffer against cost of production and shipping of physical books and rewards, etc. any funds remaining after other major expenses have been covered will be used to offset the costs related to the production and shipping of paperback (and other physical) editions of the book, other rewards, and (if possible) to compensate those involved in the production of the audio book edition of the book. stretch goals stretch goal # 1   more chilling tales for dark nights (volume ii) $10,000 in the event we reach $10k in total funding, we will officially produce a series, and a full 2nd book, with its own cover art, and a minimum of 30 additional stories not included in the first book. like the first, it will be fully illustrated, and made available in ebook, print and audio book editions, utilizing the funds provided. stretch goal # 2   chilling tales for dark nights iii $15,000 in the event we reach $15k in total funding, we will officially produce a full 3rd book in the series, with its own cover art, and a minimum of 30 additional stories not included in the first and second books. like the first two, it will be fully illustrated, and made available in ebook, print and audio book editions, utilizing the funds provided. also unlocked at this level: public submissions! that's right! up until this point, all authors included in the volumes have been hand selected and invited to participate by the project creators. but if we reach our $15k stretch goal, we will open up public submissions and another approximately 30 slots spread out across all three books in the series! want your chance to be included in the series? so do we! please spread the word and help us hit their tier, so that we can increase the sizse and scope of the project and make these additional slots available. stretch goal # 3   chilling tales for dark nights special edition hardcover treasury $20,000 in the event we reach $20k in total funding, we will officially produce a special limited edition hardcover treasury edition of the anthology, with its own cover art, including all 90+ stories from the first three volumes, and a minimum of 10 additional stories not included in the earlier books. like the 3 individual volumes, the treasury will be fully illustrated, and made available in ebook, print and audio book editions, utilizing the funds provided. more about our stretch goals our goals for the project are fairly straight forward. $5,000 covers the cost of the first book, with 30 stories in it. stretch goals for a 2nd and 3rd book in the series are set at $10,000 and $15,000, respectively, with each tier covering the added expense of producing another book of equal quality, with 30 additional stories in it, produced in the same fashion. an additional final stretch goal is to cover the expense related to the construction of a limited run of hard cover and/or leather bound treasury, containing not just the contents of the first 3 books, but an additional 10 or more stories not included in the earlier volumes, which can only be found in the 100+ story treasury. want to see 3 books, and the treasury collection? so do we. but above all else, we want to produce no less than the first book, and so, we are attaching future volumes as stretch goals, and not as the initial goal. with your help, we can make our dream of a chilling series of folklore inspired short scary stories a reality, and not stop at just one. with 55+ authors ready and willing to contribute, it's simply a matter of covering necessary expenses. we're covering expenses related to many "hidden costs," such as preliminary sketches, concept art, isbn numbers, and the production of the audio book, which itself involves the collaboration of three dozen talented voice talents, editors, composers and sound designers to make possible. all we ask is the assistance of those who would like to see these books become a reality in helping to make them exceptional, by providing us the much needed resources to attract quality authors and to compensate one extremely talented illustrator for his many hours of work. thank you for supporting this project! how and when does the book become a series? our initial plan was (and still is) to produce at least one volume of stories, with no less than 30 stories included. the initial fundraising goal was set with this goal in mind, to ensure that the first book is produced with your help, fully illustrated, in electronic, print and audio book editions. the book officially becomes a series when we reach our first stretch goal of $10,000 and have the funds available to fund a full second book, and becomes a trilogy when we reach $15,000, the amount needed to fully fund a third book. in the event we fall somewhere between $5,000 and $10,000, we will make a decision regarding the best way to proceed, which may involve proceeding with a 2nd book, or simply expanding the first volume's size. the final decision regarding the number of books, their page counts, and the number of stories included therein will be made once the campaign has ended. how will you decide which authors are included in which book(s)? this will be a determination made at the discretion of our creative team, and with input from backers and authors, once the fundraiser is complete and the full scope of the book and public interest in it is more clear. in the unlikely event we reach only our initial goal, we will be seeking to include as many authors as possible in the first volume, as funds allow. "man eater" (art by david romero) about the illustrator each of the 30 or more tales in the books of the series will be rendered in bone chilling black and white by veteran illustrator / animator david romero . the series and each story are in capable hands under the influence of romero's digital pen, which has been bringing episodes of the simply scary podcast to life for years. to see more of romero's portfolio, visit his deviantart gallery today. "paper thin" (art by david romero) "old tom comes home" (art by david romero) why  Jimmy Fraud  and crowdfunding? crowd funding this anthology series through  Jimmy Fraud  is not only the best way to get this project funded and in your hands quickly, but the most surefire way to preserve the artistic vision of the project's creator, illustrator, voice talents, and myriad authors involved in its production. this method also us to retain creative independence and 100% of our intellectual property rights, while producing the electronic, print and audio book editions without the hurdles, setbacks, red tape, and delays that traditional publishing often suffers from. by crowdfunding the project, you the readers and listeners are truly in control of the size and scope of the series.  Jimmy Fraud  provides you – our devoted fans – with a one of a kind opportunity to help make possible a high quality final product produced by and for those who live, breathe, and... dare we say, die ... for scary stories and the horror genre. so, why not help us make this book, and the nightmares of the dozens of talented authors involved, come to life? turn off the lights, and turn on the dark. "the dark storyteller" (art by david romero) risks and challenges all in all, this project is fairly simple. we're making at least one book, and if all stretch goals are reached, up to four (including three individual volumes and the treasury). like with any project worth its salt, this one will take time to put together. with each additional volume added, an additional 2 3 months of production time will be necessary to produce the later volumes. the goal of october 2018 is based on delivery of the first book. if all stretch goals are reached, we expect the 2nd book to be available by december 2018, the third available by march 2018, and the treasury available by april 2018. we have the connections and contacts necessary to produce a high quality book (or series) in a much quicker time than a traditional publisher, and don't expect to run into any major problems. however, no one is perfect, and with dozens of moving parts, there is always the possibility of delays. what we guarantee is that we will stay in touch through the duration of the campaign and after, to keep every one of our backers abreast of any issues, in the rare chance thy do arise, and that we will be transparent about any such complications. we remain available through social media, our website, and our youtube channel, as well as via email, should there be any questions or concerns. thank you for your support! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 