your project hello! i am here to tell you about the launch of a brand new product called “archie's gamer bar and grill.” we developed this project in order to give people a place to go and relax and engage in fun games. we think it will help people in need of a solution for people in need of an outlet for gaming and at the same time a place to go and be social. gamer rejoice! do you ever think about going out but instead you stay home gaming? do you want to get out and have a good time but still enjoy your gaming but don’t know how? are you interested in owning your own lucrative restaurant with full gaming capabilities? if you answered, “yes” to any of these questions, you may want to keep reading… overview our popular culture reinforces the idea that we love to play games, at home, at arcades and with friends. games bring us together and help us create bonds. another thing we love as a society is going out to eat, ding in a fun atmosphere can turn anyone’s attitude around, therefore we are merging gaming and dining out to make one fantastic experience. we are about to take on the nation one “archie’s gamer bar and grill” at a time! help us establish this initiative to serve people in need of a good time. as little as $(enter price) gets an “archie’s gamer bar and grill” to an individual and can change their ideas about what they can accomplish for the rest of his or her life by owning their very own “archie’s gamer bar and grill.” finding out you can have a good time and still play games with ease will be life changing. empower us to make this vision a reality with a donation to this project today! more about the project computer and video games have come a long way since the days of pac man and frogger, and so have those who play them. today's video games are enjoyed by players all ages and backgrounds.– this fact prompted us to dig deeper into a solution. this is where we started to envision “archie’s gamer bar and grill” and all the possible benefits we could bring to people: ·mental and physical benefits of game play ·camaraderie between friends ·tourist attraction for the town when reviewing these benefits, features and much more, it inspired and assured us that this is a business that needs to be created. we feel if executed properly we can reach a large market of people in need of an easier way to play games and meet new people. our features will make us incredibly qualified to succeed in the gaming and service industry. this paired with attention to detail and quality service will make us a key player if not leader in the service industry. our mission is to take care of every funder, supporter and customer with the upmost respect and care. we feel this will be the key to our growth. about us our company is passionate with creating an unmatched solution that’s gaming atmosphere for your social needs. our company will run the business based on our mission statement of providing high quality gaming experience for everyone while also serving food and alcohol to all responsible patrons. how you can help for us to bring the “archie’s gamer bar and grill” to life, we need your support! your generous funding will help us get things started in order to realize our concept. it will assist us with the cost of further development, manufacturing and production of our first site. more importantly you get the chance to be one of the first users of the “archie’s gamer bar and grill”. we will also use our funding to test our concept to make it better. we are committed to continuous improvement so we are always giving people the best possible solutions. we will also be using the funding to expand the possibilities for the usage for consumers as well as enterprise solutions of the “archie’s gamer bar and grill”, to further customize the first version of the “archie’s gamer bar and grill” and create additional products and services that will compliment “archie’s gamer bar and grill”. the “archie’s gamer bar and grill” needs pledging but above all it needs your attention and interest! if you love this product as much as we do then please take a moment to click on one of our social media buttons (facebook, twitter and youtube at the bottom of the page). help us spread the word and get things started! how we'll use the funds we need about $200,000 in order to break “archie’s gamer bar and grill” onto the market. that will includes marketing, materials, labor and related expenses for start up. architectural rendering of floor plan we will post a update of our project that include 3d rendering of the floor plan and a video to be posted shortly. final thank you and links we feel so grateful to everyone who has taken the time to read out campaign and for those who contributed what they could to make a difference and helping us spread the word. we have spent the last few months working hard to bring our vision to life in this campaign and it was worth every minute thanks to all our generous supporters. please know your efforts, even the smallest, don’t go unnoticed. we will continue to keep you posted on what your donation helped us achieve. you are part of our “archie’s gamer bar and grill” family. if you cannot donate but you are interested in helping, please contact us so we can set you up with a referral program! you might even be able to earn perks, just by spreading the word! if you wish to contact us: our social media connections: üinstagram: https:/www.instagram.com/archiesgamersbargrill ütwitter: https://www.facebook.com/archiesgamersbargrill üfacebook: https://www.facebook.com/archiesgamersbargrill contact information name: archie askie phone number: (609) 851 1223 e mail: archiesbargrill@yahoo.com if you have thoughts or would like to discuss a collaboration or sponsorship, we would love to hear from you, please feel free to contact us at archiesbargrill@yahoo.com risks and challenges inadequate capital many new restaurant owners set out with a solid business plan but lack adequate funding. they can greatly underestimate how much it costs to not just open a restaurant but to keep it running during the first few crucial months and years. many restaurants struggle to find their ground in the first year while the owner makes necessary tweaks in the menu or staffing and customers find out about the place. to decrease your risk, plan to have several months of funding to cover the costs of salaries, food and bills. it can take a while to simply break even with a new restaurant, much less make a profit. demanding workload from the business planning stage to opening and running the restaurant, you will work overtime hours. one restaurant owner and his partners spent well over 100 hours a week working during the time surrounding the opening. this sort of workload can be exhausting to you and those around you. the work you will be doing may not be the type to which you're accustomed. for example, while you may be adept at accounting or hiring, you'll likely need to perform a wide range of duties, from cleaning to establishing relationships with food and service providers. some of the 60 percent failure rate can be attributed to not being able to keep up with the demands of the industry. although there is no way around the amount of work involved, having business partners to share the load helps, as does having family support. location to those starting out in the restaurant business, location might appear to be one of the most important ingredients to success. while location is important, it can also work against you. choosing a location that is very popular for restaurants means the rent will likely be higher and the competition stiffer. you should select your location based upon the type of restaurant you wish to run and price the menu accordingly. for example, a taco bell franchise restaurant may not fare as well in an area populated with high end restaurants. dana minney, owner of danalynn media, recommends seeking a mentor in the industry to get the inside scoop and help launch the venture. poor book keeping. proper book keeping can make or break a restaurant. using “quick books” and an accounting firm can help reduce this risk. getting a liquor license: having the right liquor license is vital to a bar and grill success. with proper research and funding getting the right liquor is possible. not having the right people working for you. workers are one of the most important aspects of a business. hiring the right people is essential to the success of the business. food safety concerns food poisoning is a major cause of concern for restaurant owners. restaurant personnel are trained in food safety, but may not take food safety concerns seriously. even the safest restaurants can have problems with food borne illness due to previously contaminated food. additionally, patrons may have deadly food allergies triggered by undeclared ingredients or cross contamination. having a sterile environment, training staff in the proper handling of food and executing the training helps eliminate the food safety conerns. fire safety restaurant cooking carries a big risk of fire. restaurants do a lot of cooking using higher temperatures. when a fire does happen, the risks are greater because the restaurant is likely filled with diners. fortunately, most kitchen staff are trained and experienced in putting out fires and restaurants are generally equipped with fire safety equipment. because of these fire safety steps, restaurant fires produce slightly fewer casualties and damage than other business fires, according to the u.s fire administration/national fire data center. frivolous lawsuits frivolous lawsuits are a risk that every business faces. you can be sued for burns caused by coffee that's "too hot" or a mugging that occurs in a poorly lit parking lot. you can be held liable for the poor judgment of your employees and in some cases the actions of your customers. even if your business and its employees are completely free of all wrongdoing, you're on the hook for expensive legal fees. a comprehensive insurance package can alleviate many of these risks to your restaurant. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 