onsupport xilli during the start up phase so we can continue sharing true mexican culinary traditions through our authentic and delicious food products. mexican salsas, moles, escabeches and adobos have been staples in mexican kitchens for centuries. now we're making them by hand in brooklyn, honoring traditional recipes and using responsibly sourced ingredients and conscientious production methods. our flavors call to mind that favorite dish your mexican abuela used to make, regardless of whether or not you ever had a mexican abuela. raw, roasted, smoky, crisp, tangy, cool, spicy, refreshing or hot, we honor the rich history of mexican cuisine as it has never before been honored outside of mexico’s kitchens. while tex mex has been popular in the u.s. for decades, americans of all stripes have recently pushed for a more authentic mexican experience. just look at the the rise in both authentic taquerias and the truly high end (like new york city's cosme) and you see the demand for quality and authentic mexican food. the home chef, however, unfortunately finds himself at a loss. we are mexicans, we are chefs, we are researchers, we are food scientists and we are passionate. we want to use our knowledge, specialization and commitment to continue creating the best possible products, but in order to do so, we need your support. we started with minimum resources, much of which we spent creating the lab where we experiment, test, develop, create, improve and perfect each of our recipes. we know our hard work pays off in the quality of our products because of our rapid growth and significant acceptance from those who've tried xilli. but with little resources left, we are now struggling with cash flow. if we want to stay true to our craft, we need the resources to expand our kitchen's production and fulfillment capacity to meet growing demand, we need to stock up on ingredients and inventory and we need to hire more abuela certified cooks. the $55,000 we are asking for from supporters will be invested in operations (hiring, training, pay roll, rent, utilities, inventory) to get us up and running at a sustainable rate. but, if we are lucky enough to meet our goal and surpass it before our campaign ends, we will use the additional funding on kitchen updates, marketing and promotions (see more details below). “xilli” is the original nahuatl term for chili (chile in mexico). our recipes are centuries old and we try to improve them only by adapting classic techniques to our modern knowledge. salsas in mexico it is almost inconceivable to eat anything without salsas. they complement nearly any preparation by adding spice, tartness, acidity, smokiness, texture and extra moisture, all according to individual taste. you can eat them with any kind of meat or tacos, on eggs for breakfast, as a marinade for barbecue, or as a snack. they can be modified with other ingredients, used as the base for a stew or soup, or you can even create a whole new sauce, for example, a smoky tomatillo vinaigrette. mole mole is one of the most unique and delicious dishes in the world. it is excellent by itself, or served with rice, chicken or eggs. however, it is as complex in its preparation as it is delectable, and therefore nearly impossible to make at home. that’s where we come in. our classic mexican mole will be widely distributed for at home use. escabeches en escabeche is spanish for pickled. mexican pickles make a wonderful side dish or snack. they add a burst of flavor to tacos, salads, rice, or almost any dish. all of our products en escabeche are (at least) slightly spicy, and extremely tart.   all of our products are created in small batches, allowing us to keep a tighter rein on quality, leaving room for experimentation and greater attention to detail.   benefits · consumer: access to high quality products, additional choices within the mexican food market, and added richness to the new york culinary scene. · cultural: we will bring authentic mexican flavors, food and traditions to the u.s. · ecological: we will encourage practices that are better for the environment and healthier for the consumer. · economic: we hope to offer better salaries and greater revenues to mexican farmers, producers, artisans and laborers. · social: in offering more employment opportunities and better salaries, we hope to help more mexicans remain in their country, reducing immigration rates to the u.s.   what has happened so far we have built a 550 sq ft production kitchen located in brooklyn. we have developed and finalized recipes, designed our main branding components, and we have consistently produced our first batches, which we are currently delivering to our initial retailers. we have already debuted alongside other locally produced food items at smorgasburg in brooklyn and we are available at 15 retailers (the brooklyn kitchen, marlow and daughters, dépanneur, brooklyn fare, foragers, fleisher´s, court street grocers, greene grape and urban market, to name a few) (http://xillinyc.com/pages/find us). we took part in the brooklyn crush wine & artisanal food festival, and we have launched our online store (http://www.xillinyc.com/collections/products). so far we have been featured in the new york times and in the village voice among other local and national media outlets (http://xillinyc.com/pages/press) and are in talks for more coverage this spring.   what needs to happen production: we need to upgrade our kitchen—including a hood, floor tiling and more equipment and we need to hire and train employees to fulfill production needs . we also need to set up legal filing. marketing: we need to market the brand and update our website, especially our online store. outreach: we need to promote our current products to the local food community through markets, demos, private dinners, classes and events. we need to position by approaching potential distributors with samplers. shipping and delivery: we need a delivery vehicle to execute our local distribution plan, and we need shipping supplies for wider distribution and to execute our e commerce strategy.   our methods we are committed to working directly with our producers, both to keep an eye on the quality of our products, and to ensure that producers are compensated fairly. we only develop relationships with producers who grow their crops in a conscientious manner that respects the rights of workers and the environment. our farmers’ dedication to their craft translates directly into the quality of our product.   our version of local whenever possible, our ingredients will be sourced from within the u.s., and as close to our headquarters in brooklyn as possible. moving out as needed, we will never extend further than mexico. we are a mexican product, after all, so when it comes to certain items that are only grown in tropical climates, mexico is our version of local. wherever their origins, all of our ingredients will come from independent farmers. we also plan on supporting mexican farmers here in the u.s. by working with the national immigrant farming initiative.   the lab in order to facilitate working relationships with chefs and caterers, our business model includes a lab component where our chef nacxitl gaxiola works with industry level consumers to create a product that suits their specific needs. we develop unique recipes specifically for individual menus on a case by case basis for chefs that choose to hire our services. these specialized recipes are not available to other consumers.   philosophy we believe in honoring our traditions while contributing to their evolution. we are working hard to create the best possible products to elevate people’s understanding of mexican cuisine. the first step for us was to learn from those who came before us, to research and understand our history. it is our mission to educate and elevate people’s understanding of mexican food while empowering independent food producers. we want to create, build and leave our own positive footprint on the legacy of mexican cuisine. we hold conscientious methods and communal values as cornerstones of our vision, paying attention to every detail so that it is thoughtful, mindful, aware, and done with a dedication to sustainable methods and practices.   mission make the most delicious salsas, moles, escabeches and adobos to represent mexico and its cultural heritage, while supporting mexican artisans and producers both in the united states and in mexico. mexican products by mexicans for mexicans and everyone else. it is our mission to elevate people’s understanding of mexican food while empowering independent food producers. we want to raise awareness about mexican culinary traditions and flavors and evolve that understanding into a new knowledge.   vision we want to enlighten people’s palates to the flavors of truly traditional mexican cuisine. all while building and maintaining positive relationships with our purveyors, our planet, our community and our customers. there are many salsas on the market, but none are truly authentic, fresh, local, based on research and really delicious. there is not a single commercial brand of mole that captures the wonderful bold flavor of an artisanal one. none that will bring back memories or transport you the way ours will. we are artists following the path of those who came before us while adding the next chapter to the tome of our culinary and cultural traditions.   coming soon... callejero risks and challenges thank you in advance for your support. we are so proud of the products we are offering and confident that you will love them. we just need your help to grow and reach sustainability. cash flow is a common problem for start ups, especially those that see a rapid increase in demand, like us. as we grow, our balance of cash coming in versus product going out has been off, making it difficult for us to fill orders while we wait for payment from fulfilled orders. this funding should help us find a sustainable balance. similarly to cash flow problems, we could get stuck again where we are not big enough to meet demand, but by not meeting demand we cannot grow. it is important to us that our staff and cooks come with an understanding and passion for authentic mexican cuisine. it is not easy to find people who have a deep knowledge of our country's culinary heritage, which is vital to the success of our products. while this shouldn't hold back xilli (and is in our opinion a great compliment to it), we have another project, callejero, a food truck serving mexican street food, that is in the last stages of being built, which we plan to begin running winter/spring 2015. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 