escriptionpaypal amount: $188 usd (already included into the  Jimmy Fraud ) * for people pledging outside of the us and canada through paypal , please add $6 usd for shipping if you are pledging at the tiers between $45 to $75 and $13 for shipping for tiers $100 to $175. if pledging through paypal towards a limited tier ($15, $40, and $650+) please contact us first. thank you! a very important date is a café romance set in a strange, yet familiar world, with loose ties to lewis carroll's alice stories. but this isn’t the typical alice in wonderland styled story! while a very important date takes a few notes from the carroll classics, you don't have to be a big fan of them to enjoy this game for its rich dialogue, witty humor, and unique art style! our story follows alison sunderlund, an average small town ohio girl. by day she can be found working as a server in a local café and by night she takes care of her house and family: her dad and younger brother. though she doesn't have a lot on her plate, the life she has gives her very little free time. but alison's life changes one morning when she wakes up sitting under a tree in a brand new world. confused, alison sets out to discover more about her new surroundings, accidentally stumbling upon the arkwright estate, home of gwyn arkwright and the looking glass café. with no place to go and a way back home seeming impossible, gwyn, being the kind soul that he is, gives alison a job and a place to stay for the time being. everything's peachy except... now alison must choose which of the looking glass' five employees will train her! will alison stick with what she knows and remain a server? will she a cut a new path as a cook's assistant? will she wipe away her past burdens as a low level dishwasher? will alison ever figure out what strange world she's in? will she ever return to her old life? will she want to? all stories* are written by noëlle h, the winner of voltage inc.'s 4th annual international script writing contest for romance apps. the full finished release of a very important date will feature: 8 suitors expressive animated characters! 12 chapters for each suitor's main story 3 possible endings per main story 3 chapter epilogues for each suitor 40+ hours of content across all stories ≈50,000 words per main story 300,000+ words across the whole game at least 6 cgs per main story main character cg options 14 amazing tracks from composer geoff moore 60+ beautiful backgrounds episodic content available for windows, mac, and linux available for ios and android * unless written by a backer at the red rose tier this demo consists of our game's prologue and the start of three character's routes, where we introduce alison, build the wondrous town of mimsboro, and give players a chance to get to know gwyn arkwright, emil vasile, and rory macclelland of the looking glass crew over the course of 9 total chapters. features in this demo: tutorial screen at the beginning of the prologue save/load/delete feature choice options cg/event illustration toggle feature quit menu that allows you to go back to the main menu 3 chapters for gwyn, emil, and rory for a total of 9 chapters 40,588 words in total for about 5 hours worth of story 5 songs from composer geoff moore to pull up the menu bar, press esc or p keys. for those that plan to play through more than one character's story without playing through the prologue again, you’ll want to save in the prologue when alison says “um… i guess i’ll work with…” our very important spin off tale will be told as a common route visual novel, with six to ten chapters per suitor, and at least four endings per character. the story is told from the point of view of demetrius, an old acquaintance of the vincent twins, and he’ll have the opportunity to romance four different characters. okay, so you've seen the previews and met the cast, let's get right to this  Jimmy Fraud 's feature presentation: the awesome backer rewards! with these rewards, not only are you helping make this otome/visual novel game possible, but they also help us provide you wonderful people with the ideal important date experience. and best of all, our rewards start with just a single pledge of $1. here's a helpful chart that breaks down the contents of each tier for easy reading. shipping cost for add ons 1 set of charms, set of postcards, or poster: $5 usd usa and canada; $14 usd international. (additional $1 for mixing item sets). body pillows: $10 usd usa and canada; $16 usd international. all add ons: $10 usd usa and canada; $23 usd international. 2 body pillows: $12 usd usa and canada; $23 usd international. if you want to add on more than 2 body pillows, please contact us for the shipping price. if we achieve our initial goal, we have stretch goals in place to enhance a very important date . boy love side story: this will be a 3 to 4 chapter side story in a very important date featuring our characters. we don't want to give too much away so not to spoil the surprise! more poses, more expressions: we want to allow our characters to express themselves as much as we can. this goal will provide us the money to add more expressions and poses to not just the main cast, but also supporting characters, in both the main and spin off games. new route in main game: what? a secret ninth character?! a secret character is waiting in the wings to try to win alison’s heart. if we reach this goal, any tier that includes 8 stories and epilogues will get the secret 9th character for free! (this route will be released no matter if the stretch goal is reached. this stretch goal total is to help speed up the production of this route.) more cgs/event illustrations: want more art of the main characters in game? this goal will allow us to add at least 2 cgs per route in both games. spin off game merchandise: if we reach this goal we will have the funding to produce merchandise based on our spin off characters! if this goal is reached, these characters will now be options for reward tiers that involve body pillowcases and exclusive cgs and charm add ons! physical art book and exclusive cgs upgrade: at this goal, we can now make physical art books and 5’ x 7’ prints of our exclusive cgs! if this goal is met, those that have pledged at $50+ (including the $40 early bird tier) will have the choice to upgrade their pdf art book and exclusive cgs to a physical copies. new route in spin off game: if our final stretch goal is met, a new character will become a romanceable option in the spin off game! this character will be available to every tier that involves the spin off game. boy love main story upgrade: if our final stretch goal is met, the boy love side story will be upgraded to a full length main story! this bumps it up to 12 chapters, 3 endings, and the included cgs that come with a main story! with this goal, everyone at the $10 lilac tier and above will get this story for free! any funding beyond this point goes to improving the quality of a very important date , it’s spin off story, and towards funding for future games by naïve sprites. naïve sprites is an indie otome game group currently developing their first visual novel. our goal is to make stories that all of you wonderful people want to read. we hope to shake up the visual novel and otome market with more westernized stories. a very important date started as noelle's passion project in june 2014. she'd grown to love visual novels and the otome genre and felt that it was time to tell one of her own stories. but ambition took over, and the important date lore grew to the epic story that it is now. so to help reign in the project, noelle found other like minded individuals along the way to make sure that this big game got made. the important date team is: noëlle h: project director, executive producer, lead writer, character concept, background concept justin v: co writer, editor, art editor, background concept, and gui artist kooriesque: character concept artist darkenmarr: sprite and cg artist furude: bg, gui, and game icon artist lordless: bg artist ichbinjager and wolfborg: programmers geoff moore: composer like with any project, a lot of time and effort is going into creating a very important date and strange town of mimsboro. at the time of writing this we have: … over 60 gorgeous backgrounds, with only a handful still to go! … nearly 60% of scripts for the initial 5 main stories and epilogues finished! … roughly 75% of the gui art finished! … nearly half of our beautiful soundtrack has been completed! with all that said, the scope of a very important date is very big, and there is still a great deal left to do. since the beginning of development, noelle has been using her own money to fund this project, including the entirety of her winnings she earned from the scriptwriting contest. we have also found an amazingly kind artist in darkenmarr, who has agreed to be paid for her work with potential stretch goal earnings or after a very important date has hit the market. justin and noelle have both abstained from being paid for their work until the game’s release unless funded to unexpected levels, but they don’t want there to be any hindrance in the game’s development due to funding concerns. this is where  Jimmy Fraud  and you, our wonderful backers, come in. though we have already paid for a great deal of assets for the game, like what was already mentioned above, the $3,500 we’re asking backers for in this campaign will be used to cover what is still left for production. our funding breakdown looks like this: our largest chunk of funds will go towards music at 30%. the second largest piece of funding is rewards at 28%. we want to give you the very best merchandise possible to match the quality we look forward to in our story. the 27% chunk of our funding pie will go towards our background art. at the moment we have paid for and created most of our backgrounds and we’ve deducted that from the needed funding percentage above, but there are still a few more to go. the 10% chunk on our funding chart goes towards  Jimmy Fraud  fees and other related fees. if a  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is successful, a creator must pay  Jimmy Fraud  and processing fees that can total up to 10% of all earned funds. this is something that is unable to be modified. any sort of problems that occur during production falls into the last 5% of our funding chart. this will be used to pay for extra things that come up that were missed in the course of development, like sudden hardware failure or a forgotten background. this will also be used to cover any unexpected changes in international shipping costs of physical items that arise during the time of the game’s development. with help and pledges from fans, we can make sure that we’re able to implement key features, finish needed art assets, and complete the game in a timely manner.  Jimmy Fraud  gives us a platform to finish alison’s stories and create a deeper level to the avid world through demetrius’ story. backers and the influence of  Jimmy Fraud  itself provide us an outlet where we can build a strong, active, and engaged community that can bring a very important date to areas we never imagined. risks and challenges the biggest possible challenge that naïve sprites faces when making "a very important date" is time. though, our background artists are producing backgrounds quickly, our sprite, character, and cg department is strictly one person. she works lightning quick, but we don’t want to overwork her. also, though we have two writers working together, they are also working on other aspects of production while they write. we hope this doesn’t cause any sort of delays, but that is always a possibility. with life deciding to be extra difficult this past year for much of the team, it is no doubt that it could also be an obstacle. however, as fans that have been with us for a while will know, we are very active on our social media outlets and update you about our progress regularly. so if there are any delays that pop up during production, we will inform everyone as soon as we can. another challenge we face is hitting our stretch goals. don’t get us wrong; we will be ecstatic if we’re funded and, if we reach them, the fulfillment of the stretch goals will be our top priority. however, adding some of these extra features into the game could add more time to production. though we don’t have as many as we had in our previous attempt, another potential risk we face is the manufacturing and shipping of physical rewards. we’ve determined manufacturing prices when we made our funding breakdown, but these prices could always increase on us unexpectedly. postage for international shipping can change which could cause an increase in the actual shipping of these items. our 5% wiggle room is meant to cover this if necessary, but there is always the off chance where that might not be enough. this could lead to a slight slowdown in shipping while we find funds to cover it. but fret not! we will inform backers as soon as possible if there will be any delay in shipping or manufacturing. the largest possible risk that we face is not getting funded. if this were to happen, though development wouldn’t cease, it would severely slow down and the quality of the final product will most likely take a massive hit. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 