ng museum quality coffee table book on the man best known for creating the famous dresses of marilyn monroe, the supremely stylish designer, billy travilla. your glamorous adventure begins here! the fascination that is travilla! brace yourself to experience the seductive beauty that is the eternal magic of billy travilla. you will see his stellar work, magical life and unlimited imagination in this wondrous new collectors book. let your eyes meander through 64 years of hollywood history and celebrity glamour, as you flip through these pages of spectacular images: the fascination that is travilla. i will walk you through the back stage door into a time when actresses strolled the hallowed halls of movie studios as they dripped with heart stopping beauty. together, i will bring you into the world of beauty and creativity designed by the most amazing costume and fashion designer ever. billy travilla was a true master of beauty, both on the screen and the red carpet. but don’t just take my word for it. here’s what a few of billy’s clients and a current day style setter had to say about him: “billy my love, please dress me forever. i love you.”   marilyn monroe "kimberley, there would be no marilyn monroe, as we know her today, if it were not for billy travilla!”   mitzi gaynor “billy designed the dress i wore when i did my hand prints at graumann’s chinese theater. i loved him and i admired his talent…he was really admired by everybody in the business as one of our great designers. billy really knew how to take a bad figure and make it look great.”   debbie reynolds “bill…insists that i be beautiful…and makes it all possible.”   joanne woodward “travilla turned women into sirens and goddesses and laid the groundwork for our contemporary obsession with red carpet glamour gowns."   simon doo creative ambassador barneys new york who exactly is this man called billy travilla? the impact of legendary hollywood costume designer billy travilla is exceptional. he has influenced the world of film as well as the international fashion community. what attracted stars like marilyn monroe, errol flynn and hundreds of others to travilla’s genius? it was billy’s brilliant ability to create mystery and seduction. he won his first oscar nomination for designing enticing, manly costumes for errol flynn in the 20th century fox film adventures of don juan. in addition to his fashion collection, billy created iconic film costumes. in fact, he created the most famous film costume in history, the white halter top pleated dress that marilyn monroe wore in the seven year itch. when debbie reynolds recently sold it at auction in beverly hills for 5.6 million dollars, it became the singular most valuable costume in history. in my compelling new illustrated book, the legendary travilla style, i reveal the private world of glamorous fashion and tantalizing hollywood costume design. how did this stellar book come to be? as an haute couture designer and the author of 8 upcoming travilla books, including the biography of billy travilla, i offer a comprehensive tribute of the man i was aligned to apprentice with 23 years ago. six years ago i made a commitment to my friend, bill sarris (billy travilla’s friend and business partner of 50 years) to research and write billy’s story. at a certain point in my research, bill sarris said to me, “well, #@*%...you’ve discovered things about billy that even i didn’t know!” this book is a labor of love, sweat and tears to bring you the glamour that is travilla. bill sarris and me, kimberley ashley what makes this book so incredibly remarkable?? numerous things: if you like beauty, timeless fashion, iconic costumes, rare hollywood photos, classic film stars, marilyn monroe, and behind the scenes glimpses of movie studio magic, you will be thrilled with this book. this fabulous book contains movie studio wardrobe test shots of travilla's costume designs like marilyn monroe's famous seven year itch dress. you will see errol flynn in travilla's oscar winning costumes for adventures of don juan and sharon tate in her costumes for valley of the dolls. there are many unpublished photo's of travilla with his celebrity clients on the set as well as at the oscars. this book is filled with billy's beautiful stars in his designs tell me more about the book! the book is already written and laid out. it contains over 200 rare photographs of travilla’s world carefully selected from my personal photo library of over 3,500 images, complete with rights. i have been collecting photos of billy for over 20 years, and the travilla family has recently added significantly to this collection with rare photos that include his early career and childhood. meticulously curated by robert black, the creator of ford robert black models in arizona, the images represent the broad range of billy travilla’s compelling life and stellar career. this fascinating edition contains 9,000 words of description that i passionately researched and affectionately crafted myself, over a years time. the text explains the image and the stories behind them: some profoundly funny, others deeply poignant, a few starkly sad, but most dripping with glamour that only billy travilla could conjure up from his fertile imagination. who is this book for? movie fans and film students, fashion fans and design students, marilyn monroe fans, people who adore hollywood’s golden era, anyone who adores glamour, beauty, costume design and celebrities. in other words, pretty much anyone with a pulse. to see if you qualify, put your middle and index fingers together and place gently upon the right side of your neck and look to see if you feel a pulsing sensation. if you do, then go directly to the "back this project" button on the upper right side of this page and select your favorite pledge reward. if you're not sure, then keep reading. while i am not sure about this pulse thing, i am now certain that billy travilla is a famous designer, with famed clients that include the world’s most beloved actress, marilyn monroe, so why  Jimmy Fraud ? one reason, really … because we are going to decide how amazing this book is going to be. the more money we raise, the better the book will be. more stars in your book than in the sky it is no exaggeration to say that this book includes the most famous faces (and bodies) ever in hollywood history, wearing some of the most famous costumes and gowns. as proof, i offer you a partial list of the amazing stars that are in this book. look at the incredible names of billy travilla’s clients and friends... you will love them [he did!]: marilyn monroe errol flynn ava gardner ann margret barbara stanwyck betty grable jane seymour diana ross faye dunaway joan crawford robert redford joanne woodward jaclyn smith marlene dietrich charles bronson debbie reynolds linda gray dorothy dandridge heather locklear eve arden mitzi gaynor jean harlow nancy reagan barbara carrera ann sheridan dorothy lamour michelle lee ginger rogers donna mills patty duke dorothy mcguire deborah shelton loretta young sharon tate susan hayward lena horne florence henderson judy garland susan day diahann carroll maude adams dionne warwick victoria principle richard chamberlin priscilla presley morgan fairchild stephanie beecham catherine oxenberg candace bergen clearly a lot went into creating this work, what other rare pictures will i get in this book? you will get beautiful pictures of marilyn monroe posing in wardrobe test shots with billy; plus travilla's colorful illustrations of the costumes he designed for marilyn. you will get unique historical images like the heartfelt invitation from harpers bazaar. they invited their guests to meet travilla; the man they called their “valentine of the year.” the fashion magazine accurately christened him “the man who creates clothes for the women men love.” you will get the very photos of those timeless fashion designs that caused harpers bazaar to applaud billy travilla’s couture collections you will get an image of the invitation billy received when first lady, mrs. lyndon b. johnson, requested travilla be part of the first fashion show in history ever held at the white house. you will get the cherished personal photo billy had taken with first lady nancy reagan, when she also had his fashions at the white house. you will get the western union telegram errol flynn sent to billy boasting about his costumes. they would become the costumes that won him his first oscar . you will get the cherished personal photo taken one night when billy and marilyn stole away for a date at a jazz club in downtown los angeles. ok, i am impressed with travilla’s work and thrilled with his brilliance. so what else can i expect from this book? this exquisite book contains: over 200 rare photographs of these glamorous and historical images. every photo tells an amazing story of a magical and exciting, glamorous life. pictures of billy’s costumes and his life include behind the scenes personal photos shot at warner brothers and 20th century fox on the sets of his films, and photos from his family archives that even his business partner of 50 years never saw. the majority of images in this exquisite collectors book have never been published. covering 5 categories of his life, both personal and professional, the chapters are: chapter 1 travilla: the artist chapter 2 travilla: the designer chapter 3 travilla: the celebrity chapter 4 travilla: the fans chapter 5 travilla: the family man this comprehensive book offers you glimpses into billy’s studio work and the celebrity friends who wore his fashion and costume designs. this volume is so beautiful; you will lose yourself in it. we have created a photographic journey and keepsake that you will love and cherish for years. the lush back matter for the book consists of: a list of travilla’s oscar nominations and awards; a list of travilla’s emmy nominations and awards; a list of travilla’s many fashion industry awards; travilla’s celebrity client list of nearly 300 of hollywood’s “a list” actors; and travilla’s filmography of over 100 film, television and stage credits. i have included some back stories of the images; such as the photos that show judy garland posing in her valley of the dolls costumes with billy, shortly before she was fired and replaced with susan hayward. we start with billy’s art and costume sketches, and together we will journey through his life as designer, then as celebrity, and then take you through the autographed head shots of his ardent fans. with intimate and sometimes hysterically funny inscriptions these glamorous photos range from jean harlow to heather locklear, including marilyn monroe’s nude calendar she autographed to her beloved friend, billy. we end with never before published photos of his intensely guarded private family life and childhood. this stylish hardback book will be 9.5” x 13” and encompass 200+ images on 160 glossy museum edition pages. we are offering an elegant softcover; a beautiful hardcover and a super exclusive limited edition, hand bound in gold leather. the leather limited edition will be autographed by me, the author, my book curator robert black, and some of travilla’s celebrities. barbara sinatra has already agreed to autograph her page. (she was travilla’s house model before she married frank sinatra). this will keep the value of this keepsake going up in value. other celebrities who will autograph this limited edition are to be determined as we progress with this campaign. it will be fun to see who joins us! here is a list of who we are inviting to join us in autographing their photo in your limited edition gold leather book : debbie reynolds mitzi gaynor ann margret diana ross faye dunaway robert redford joanne woodward jaclyn smith linda gray heather locklear barbara carrera michelle lee donna mills patty duke deborah shelton susan day diahann carroll maude adams dionne warwick victoria principle richard chamberlin priscilla presley morgan fairchild stephanie beecham catherine oxenberg candace bergen all right, so every hollywood star loved him, especially marilyn monroe, but why am i at risk of falling in love with billy travilla? when you open this book and see the rare and beautiful images of billy travilla’s art, his designs, his celebrities, his famous fans, and his private life, you will fall in love with this seductive artist. you will understand why, as debbie reynolds told me … ”everybody loves billy.” like marilyn monroe and every celebrity he ever dressed, we know you will love him too. join us in owning a piece of his fabulous work and life! the video version of the book   the legendary travilla style in addition to this beautiful book, we are creating a film of the back stories in the book. in this amazing film version of the book, i will tell you the funny, sad, fabulous and inspirational stories behind the most important images in the book. they are completely engaging tales. with additional funds, we will include video interviews of the celebrities listed above. we will let them tell you their stories about billy: how he helped carve their film characters with his talent and how he touched their hearts, or made them laugh, or changed their lives. debbie reynolds told me about the time when her daughter carrie fisher, of star wars fame, was an infant and was with her for a fitting at billy’s design studio. she said while carrie was crawling around the showroom floor, she got a dress pin stuck in her kneecap and billy halted the whole days work to care for and play with her. to receive this special film, select the pledge reward of the video, in either digital access or dvd format. what am i getting if i am an early backer? the first 350 backers of the soft and hard covers, and first 50 backers of the luxury gold leather editions, will receive early bird special pricing. what's the money going towards? book & film: when we reach our goal for this campaign, fortuna bellezza books will publish it and we will release this book as an elegant, professionally typeset, meticulously crafted, beautiful keepsake volume printed on the best quality gloss paper and bound by the finest binder in america. we also have an emmy award winning filmmaker poised to leap into action and produce our video of the back stories of the photos. for each, i want to make a work of art that brings you joy and a feeling of beauty each time you look at them. i want it to be an experience of enjoyment that lingers for years. poet john keats once said, “a thing of beauty is a joy for ever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness; but still will keep a bower quiet for us.” it is my clear intention to give you the very best quality book with the best images from the private photos from my billy travilla collection. together we can make this happen! how do i know this book is awesome though?? well, i can tell you of all my artistic projects and career in design, i think it's my best, most heart felt work so far. if even the celebrities who are in this book are excited about it, we know you will be too. and while you can't hold or read this book just yet, you can tell by the images below, that it’s a unique piece of hollywood and fashion history. many of the images in this volume are being mastered using the latest digital technology from the old original photos, for preservation and quality restoration, and most have never before been published. this book is so beautiful; you will find yourself entering a new realm of glamour when you go through it. how is my pledge making an important contribution to the history of film and fashion? every pledge dollar will allow us to further establish the travilla legacy by restoring these photos and archives and you are making that possible for us all, and for generations to come. will my pledge insure that marilyn monroe will come around to my place to personally thank me for aiding her friend billy’s legacy? no. that’s not going to happen! however, i cannot guarantee that she won’t visit you in your sleep. she was pretty indebted to billy. what if we raise more money than whats needed? what exciting things happen? archival collection: as a way to preserve the travilla designs for fashion students to study from, i created a foundation called the ashley travilla foundation for fashion and costume design. after achieving the funds for publishing this volume and the film version of the back stories, then with more funds, we can begin to purchase and donate new travilla historical garments to the permanent fashion archives of the ashley travilla foundation set to preserve them forever. all right, so for pledging to “travilla style” what show stopping pledge rewards have you designed to thrill me? for our digital copy of the book $30 is all it takes to enter through the back stage door of hollywood’s most exclusive travilla movie sets and into his stars studio dressing rooms! travilla limited edition posters travilla t shirts travilla portrait by kimberley ashley billywood photo package set of 6: this set of 6 glossy 8” x 10” photos from the book. travilla’s red carpet oscar nominated marilyn monroe sketches as seen on the red carpet at the 2013 academy awards limited edition travilla "signed” marilyn monroe in gold gown poster: billy travilla autographed this photo of marilyn in his gold lame gown. the original signed photo just sold at julien’s beverly hills auction for $10,000. this 11.25” x 17.3” limited edition poster, signed and numbered, has never been available before. travilla’s marilyn sketch pillows set of 4: you will receive this set of 4 billy travilla marilyn sketch throw pillows. the four most iconic travilla marilyn dresses are screen printed upon white cotton duck and will be a beloved addition to your couch where you lay when you watch marilyn in her travilla movies, as she struts around in these costumes. sketches include travilla’s “subway” dress, gold lame gown, heat wave costume, and diamonds are a girls best friend satin gown. popcorn is not included. travilla’s marilyn monroe   celebrity terry robe this is our travilla marilyn monroe / celebrity terry robe pledge reward. travilla designed a terry robe for marilyn to wear in that famous window scene in the 20th century fox film, the seven year itch. you will receive an entirely exclusive  Jimmy Fraud  reward, worn only by travilla’s celebrity friends. this lush, high quality terry cloth robe is embroidered with the travilla logo, as worn originally by marilyn and modeled by dallas and dynasty stars heather locklear, tracy scoggins and morgan brittany in the 1980’s. we are making this robe available only to our  Jimmy Fraud  friends during this campaign. after the campaign it will be available for $500. the poster of the marilyn robe sketch is available if you add on an additional $50 to this package (totaling $350). it would look unique hanging on the wall of your bathroom next to the robe hook that holds this terry robe. in our travilla’s enrobed bombshell package we will include some fun gifts: in addition to receiving, the lush terry robe travilla designed for marilyn, and the marilyn in a robe croquis sketch print 11.25” x 17.3”, you will also receive an additional exclusive  Jimmy Fraud  reward. you will receive a 11.25” x 17.3” framed print of the five travilla celebrities 9including marilyn) wearing their robes and a place for your photograph of you wearing your travilla robe. directors cut package: billy and marilyn at 20th century fox in this fun package, you will be one of 10 lucky backers to receive 4 unique items to create a special hollywood corner in your own home: you will get 2 director’s chairs – one printed with billy travilla’s signature, the other bearing marilyn monroe’s signature with a kiss printed on it; a wall sized poster of billy and marilyn backstage together on the set of gentleman prefer blondes; and you will also receive a director’s slate board. be marilyn for a day   photo shoot package before marilyn ever got her hands on billy’s now famed gold lame gown, ginger rogers wore it in the 20th century fox film, dreamboat. but those two film icons are not the only celebrities billy travilla slid into this design. priscilla presley also posed in travilla’s famous gold lame gown. five backers will have a rare opportunity to pose in a travilla original gold lame gown from the ashley travilla foundation archives. we appreciate your enthusiasm for this book and thank you for your pledges. the more you pledge to this project, the more glimpses we can offer you into the privileged career and life of billy travilla. and the more available it will be for future generations to see. these rewards are priced to raise money for this publishing project and the archival collection, yet they're still amazing deals. listen i've barely heard of this billy travilla guy, so ... really ... why should i even care? because you like seeing the type of glamour that makes your jaw drop, just as marilyn monroe’s jaw dropped when she saw billy’s designs for her; also because it's going to be stunningly gorgeous. billy and i both have made beauty the very raison d’etre of our lives. we don’t want to start any trouble, but we think that when the book arrives on your doorstep you are going to be arm wrestling with every one within your reach for the joy of looking through it first. you can of course avoid these squabbles by ordering two copies! most designers i know have acknowledged that we have been insanely blessed to be able to make a career out of birthing beauty for a living, and i’d like to give final birth to this beauty so you can enjoy it forever, either on your coffee table or your aunt zelda’s night stand. ok, "i am ready for my close up mr. de mille!" lets do this! you look up from this webpage, somewhat dazed from all the stars in your eyes, and decide that this book is definitely something you'd like to hold in your hands, and have in your life, or get for your best friend ... the one with the marilyn monroe tattoo on her back and the vintage travilla dresses in her closet. you want to make something awesome and historical happen. you click the "back this project" button up at the top of the page and it feels… well it feels beautiful. .. like marilyn monroe felt in a billy travilla gold lame plunging neckline gown. it feels thrilling and good. “isn’t it just delicious?” in fact, after you click the "back this project" button, you feel as cool as marilyn monroe standing upon an iron subway grate as a 20th century fox special effects man blows a fan from below to billow your billy travilla white seven year itch dress around your knees, as you say in a breathless blonde bombshell voice, “isn’t it just delicious?” after pledging to this project, you may even feel as good as debbie reynolds did when the auctioneer took the last bid for that same white marilyn monroe travilla dress, pounding the gavel with his hammer screaming, “sold for $5.6 million dollars!!” ok, well… perhaps not quite that good … (i was there and she was pretty elated) but you feel very close to it. having clicked that “back this project” button you will definitely feel good, because you can own some of billy travilla’s beautiful work for a lot less. none of our pledge award levels cost $5.6 million dollars. not one! but our pledge rewards do have a priceless quality to them. price of an iconic travilla marilyn monroe dress  $5.6 million dollars. price of the privilege of an insiders look at the life and glamour of billy travilla   priceless! value of knowing you’ve made a difference to the legacy of billy travilla… definitely priceless! and you admire your fabulous self for doing so! thank you for your pledges and enthusiasm for this project. about the author  kimberley ashley i grew up in the world of entertainment as the daughter of showbiz parents. surrounded by celebrity, i was nurtured on the power of stage glamour. as an haute couture designer, i began my career 23 years ago, while attending ucla and la trade tech for fashion. it was then that i was aligned to apprentice with billy travilla. after launching my own signature couture collection in beverly hills, i began to serve socialites and celebrities with my own distinct brand of chic and glamour. building my business acumen, through kimberley ashley haute couture , i branched into developing products and intellectual properties in the fields of fashion and entertainment. acquainted with billy travilla for nearly two and a half decades, i have spent 6 intense years passionately researching, investigating and cultivating my books on billy travilla and his world of glamour. i am firmly committed to further establishing his legacy on an ever expanding solid ground. about the curator  robert black having founded the ford robert black agency over 30 years ago, and working with designers as an agent to models and actors, robert started collecting at an early age. his love of hollywood and classic film led him to amass the 200+ hollywood designers whose work can be found in his collection. robert says, however, “the most important part represented, are the innovative and iconic pieces done by designer bill travilla." the avid collector is now co owner, along with longtime friend and business partner doreen picerne, of fashion by robert black , a chic vintage fashion boutique based in scottsdale, arizona. this dynamic duo specializes in offering unique red carpet vintage fashion … as they continue to increase their historical collection! schedule this book and rewards will ship to  Jimmy Fraud  supporters by june 2014. shipping rates we ship worldwide with tracking. unless otherwise stated, all pledge amounts include usps shipping within the u.s. for our international friends, your orders will receive an additional fee, as stated per reward. taxes and fees vary by country. please be aware that, depending upon your country, international orders may be required to pay a duty tax by your local postal station. risks and challenges after putting in the necessary work to create an authentic and elegant keepsake book, i am deeply gratified and confident about this project. our biggest challenge will be to ensure that every image is the best quality print that is possible given the age of some of these rare photos. we have a team of top notch graphic artists poised to leap into action after we fund successfully. our printing house has been around for 100 years. our bookbinder has been in operation for 60 years as the most reliable bookbinder in the southwest. they are stable and professional, and we know they can help us "knock this ball out of the park." the graphic artists i know are meticulous people who are incredibly reliable experts. they find it a point of pride and enjoyment to meet deadlines! i adore working with a team of professionals who give their all to deliver! if the unexpected speed bump occurs delaying the deadline, we will let everyone know and intensify the job of getting it done, because we are excited to get this book to you as quickly as possible. i feel confident that with your support, this is a thing of eternal beauty we can make happen, so you can hold it in your eager hands. you will be as possessive about this book, as marilyn monroe and errol flynn were about billy’s costumes. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 