scriptionhello, and welcome to realkidstv. the following is a first draft example of the website, keep in mind that several changes are forth coming as the brand grows! http://pryorf127.wix.com/real kids tv this a link to the prototype of realkidstv.com. keep in mind that this a rough draft! realkidstv.com demo i think that on some level, a project of this scale, should be looked at as an social experiment of sorts. just imagine a site that doesn't cater to paparazzi chasing over privileged celebrities with their recreational exploits flashed in the media as if they where achievements. have you ever shared a moment with your child that you believed others would benefit from their achievements, but had no outlet to express yourselves. well here is a site that caters to our youth and all the great “moments” in their lives. i think we can all agree that, time with our children can fly by so quickly. but now we are able to archive those precious moments to share not only with loving family and friends, but also with extended family and new friends. as family, and friends we tend to separate as life goes on. but at realkidstv.com we are able to share our events with grandparents, distant family and friends with just a simple upload. twitter site linking realkidstv.com and while holiday photos are great. how great would it be to post a video of the family greeting those miles away, or traveling on business, or perhaps family members in the military! the possibilities are endless! risks and challenges a site aimed at showcasing the goals and achievements of children for encouragement and inspiration from their peers may sound like an excellent platform, but we need to keep in mind that there exist an endless number of websites with similar goals. which is a great thing! so at the onset of this project, we remain optometistic that our social network, which solely targets our youth in a positive manner, will shine above the rest. economies of scale have flipped—it's getting more expensive to do things on a huge scale, and far cheaper to do them at a micro scale. mass market items have lost their appeals., and people yearn for authentic, personalized individual connections in a world of franchise same ness, the same applies to social networking sites. 1  agree to a budget upfront. cash is king! as costumers, we want to know what others have experienced, you may go see what people are saying about reakidstv on facebook, google, or twitter, or yelp, or any of a thousand other sites. oh yeah, and we don't want to pay more, either. for small businesses, handling business accounting and taxes may be within the capabilities of the business owners, but professional help is usually a good idea. web development has been broken for quite a while! it's a wonder any sites get done at all. here are a few problems with the way web projects are typically done. these are the first set of problems that realkidstv are striving towards constructing a defense around those negative experiences. if it's tight, we will prioritize features, and make sure the critical ones are done first before the budget is exhausted. 2: requirements aren't clearly defined. our second step, is to explore, and to take advantage of web developing companies that specialize in directing needed viewer traffic, and to be extremely specific and detailed about what the finished site needs to look like, and how it needs to operate. the overall cost of the project can change substantially based on seemingly minor requirements that end up making some existing platform a bad choice. uncertainty plagues businesses in countless ways, we can group most company killers into the following categories:  market risks  competitive risks  technology & operational risks  financial risks  people risks  legal & regulatory risks  systemic risks not to put to fine a point on it but, this is when the age old adage, “cash is king” enters the picture, and planning ahead for uncertainly. solution 1, 2: scrap the requirements. instead of having hard and fast requirements, realkidstv.com will identify goals and rank them by priority. we start with a previously finished configuration, and use the budget to modify that configuration towards the goals. 3   it takes forever to launch the new site. once you've decided to create a new web site, identified the requirements, gotten the vendor all lined up and started, something funny happens. key members of your team may disappear off the face of the planet. once again, this goes back to what was said earlier, “remain flexible, and foresee such potential setbacks, and have in place an “alternate plan”. with a drupal installation site in place (drupal= contributed modules, themes, and pre defined configuration into one download. installation profiles provide specific site features and functions for a specific purpose or type of site. they make it possible to quickly set up a complex, user specific site in fewer steps than if installing and configuring elements individually.) this would serve to eliminate such web development head aches! 4   a site is never really done when it's launched. ex., realkidstv.com site has launched, but it's not perfect. we're mostly happy with it, but there's a couple more things we'd like it to do, but we're done with the developer. even if we could get them to do more work for us, we really don't want to b/c—we know they're going to charge extra to try to make up some of the extra cost they swallowed to get the site launched. and there's a whole list of other things we'd like to get done at some point in the future—but at this point, we will remain with the project as is. but then soon things may occure, our site starts collecting cobwebs. there's a bunch of spammers who have signed up for user accounts. our email form is collecting spam. we turn off comments because it gets spam. and after a year or so we start looking for a new developer, and go through the whole process again—and probably end up with the same result. solution 6: make the web site launch the start of the project, and not the end. the launch of a new web site is a big milestone, for sure. but we don't get all our customers or all of our site visitors on the first day the site is launched—we're going to get far more of them over time. no matter how meticulous we are, no matter much time we've spent painting our site, arranging our merchandise, setting everything up, our opening day is just one day. 5   our fancy content management system/e commerce site may get hacked! lets face it, the internet is a bit of a nasty place. there's a lot of miscreants looking to spread spam and viruses using our web site. or hijacking your web host's server to attack other sites. or potentially intercepting your customers' credit card or personal information. any web site can be hacked. but for content management systems, e commerce sites, and other systems that are actually programs running on a computer somewhere, there's more to keep up to date to keep the miscreants at bay. most content management systems store content in a database. few generic web hosts tell you how to back these up. fewer still keep a range of backups over time, or can selectively restore particular items that might've been deleted. and the vast majority of hosts still use ftp for file transfer—an extremely insecure protocol that was obsolete a decade ago—meaning if your developer copies a single file using an open wifi network, somebody could get the password and do whatever they want to your site. these are pretty easy problems to solve when you manage your own servers. solution 7: make sure the site is very well backed up, and security measures are up to date. 6   our fancy content management system has reached the end of life. another issue nobody thinks about up front—developers are constantly writing new software to replace older versions. after a while, they release entirely new versions—but don't have enough time or resources to keep supporting old versions indefinitely. so two or three years down the road, all of a sudden your developer tells you your site is no longer secure. and you need to spend a few more thousand dollars to upgrade. solution 8: plan and budget for upgrades. 7   my site broke after an upgrade. ok. so now we recognize that upgrades are a necessary cost of using a content management system. here's a corollary: "things happens"! the more complicated a system, the more corners there are where things can break. this is one of the biggest things that gets in the way of launching a web site in the first place—there's some little corner where something isn't quite right. and putting a fix in one corner ends up breaking something else. solution 9: have a support contract in place with your developer. perfection is expensive, not to mention near impossible. 8   it costs too much up front! while yes, there is a good deal of truth to this statement. solution 1 – 10: work with a company that starts you out with a standard, low cost configuration, and an ongoing support contract to spread the cost out over time. a site worth looking into is, freelock package pricing! the simple fact is that web development projects are a nightmare because they're all focused around a single, imaginary fixed point: the launch of a web site. the cost, the scope of work, and the resources all get focused on that single event—but the bigger picture, building a web presence for your business or association and adapting it as your organization changes to serve its customers are minimized during the entire process. i think the best answer is to get rid of all the stuff that makes it hard, make it as easy as possible to start with a basic site of a particular configuration, and from there, grow our brand over time! we at realkidstv.com believe our “shining star” is that fact that, as a part of the “comments” section, there will exist not one negative response. as moderator, all responses will be filtered from the site, as to allow for a more positive, (or at the very least) constructive criticism. we at realkidstv.com also realize the fact that there exist similar sites that have far more experience in such ventures. so as a part of quality control, our moderators will scrutinize those sites that best represent a core goal similar to ours, and adapt as needed. at this stage in our endeavor, we feel a need to start “small”, and then expand as to remain relevant in the market place. some insight into future features will include; achievement awards for those post that encourage the most. within the parents corner section, we will showcase links that prove useful in the areas of; local physicians, mentors, daycare and after school care, and the list of possibilities are endless. yes, there will always exist setbacks, but setting reasonable goals, and growing our brand as needed with a competent staff (as well as feedback from users/parents themselves), would set realkidstv.com on a path that will serve on multiple successful levels. thank you for your time and confidants. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 