oing to be as good as how well educated they are today. in medical school we are mainly left to fend for our self. we have books thrown at us with the expectation of knowing them inside out, without any real walk through or explanation. leaving most students to struggle, mundanely memorize and never really understand the actual medical importance of the practices that could save someones life. yes is the answer to your question if you are asking yourself right now 'is this happening to the doctor that might be trying to save my life one day'. i hope to create an online user interface where students in later years of education can provide help and tuition to their fellow medics in the years below. this will allow them a service where they can selectively choose how and by who they want to be educated by, giving them the freedom of being able to learn in the way they can best. in medicine experience is key, giving people the opportunity to be taught by someone who has went through the same hurdle not long ago is the most effective way to mold brilliant doctors who can go on the use that knowledge to help and save people. for this project to become possible: i will need capital to set up the website and maintain it as well as to market the idea and increase the awareness of it amoung the student community. a crowd funding website is last place i expected myself to be but i know i can not do this alone. this is not just important for me or future doctors, it is important for everyone because the education we invest in today will be the result we receive tomorrow. i believe this will make a difference. it will allow doctors to study with passion and not just pressure and who knows it might even save someones life; you might even save someones life. i urge everyone to please help me make this dream possible. for a better future, for all of us. thank you. risks and challenges this project presents some challanges:   setting up a website and designing it is not a easy or cheap process, it will require capital provided, time committed and persistence to see it through.   everyone knows their greens are good for them but yet it always ends up uneaten at the side of the plate. the idea will have to be marketed to the community to increase it's awareness and allow people to know the benefits a service can provide to them and how they can take advantage of it.   since people will always get unwell, we will always need doctors and so there will always be people trying to become doctors. this demonstrates the issue of consistency. the service of a online user interface has to be maintained, regulated and kept up to date. all which requires funding, time and management. my will to make this project possible is driven by my passion for helping others and my realization of its importance and impact. i have planned and plotted for long. my time and efforts are fully committed to making this functional and the fact that it will help people when it is will only make me more committed to making sure it continues to work at its best. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 