ies goes to space! starcadia quest is an action packed board game where 2 to 4 players control crews of heroes in a sci fi campaign to defeat the foes of the starcadian alliance. as alien monsters react to the heroes' actions, no one is stuck playing the role of game master. but don't kid yourselves: the crews are not working together at all! only one intrepid crew will be ultimately victorious, so players must battle each other as well as against monstrous enemies. set in the same colorful universe as the highly acclaimed arcadia quest game series, starcadia quest is an all new standalone entry that draws from the electrifying gameplay from its fantasy counterpart, optimizes the experience, and takes it to a universe where no hero has gone before! find out more about these optional buys in the following links: build a robot , showdown , zenith invasion , thornetroopers , companion pack , crew dice bundle , scenery pack , patty & sherry , nayomi & tanaka , brandalyn & jakob , cury & yuri , plastic token pack , wound token pack , crew dice , and extra dice . painted by bigchild creative. please note figures come unpainted. heroes come from all quadrants of the galaxy, each bringing unique abilities ( not to mention their charming personality! ) to their crews. but it's not all fun and adventures in space. supreme commander thorne, a cold hearted mastermind has assembled an army of some of the most nefarious creatures to do his bidding and the alliance is the only thing standing in his way to bring "order" to the galaxy. painted by bigchild creative. please note figures come unpainted. speaking of order, the introduction of a modular monster dashboard allows players to deploy a variety of different monsters from thorne's preposterous army, making each play session unique! in starcadia quest, pre game time is fast and simple. while the ancestral arcadians resorted to books and scrolls, in starcadia many elements of the board are conveniently displayed on the game tiles, and all information needed to prepare a scenario comes in a single setup card, ensuring players are ready to roll in an instant! plus, the latest intergalactic census shows a roaring approval for the added personality that each area of the space station now has, with their own tasteful decorations that provide neat game effects. while on their galactic exploits, players attempt to defeat enemies and collect shiny new gear while accomplishing quests across a variety of scenarios that span a branching campaign that narrates the crew's epic endeavor against thorne. quests have to be completed in order, unfolding the story being played. each scenario won takes the crew one step closer to becoming the most notable, the most courageous   and of course   the most gallant crew in the entire universe! the final frontier can be a scary, unpredictable place at times. like, at every turn. literally. at the end of every turn, players draw and play event cards, which not only activate or spawn monsters on the board ( i did say it could be a scary place, didn't i? ) but also introduce unexpected and wacky effects! the whole station may bump into an asteroid sending people flying all over the place and, occasionally, there may be an electrical failure that zaps those unfortunate enough to be in the wrong place at the wrong time! ever since the first fancy blades and armored vests were crafted in arcadia, the guilds have enjoyed the finest weaponry around. fast forward a few millenia and, well, that still holds true! the crews have at their disposal the latest cutting edge technology, from laser pistols to holo swords. there's always new loot to seek that will appeal to everyone's tastes! the starcadia quest core box comes with: 30 highly detailed plastic figures 10 game tiles 10 custom dice 8 counter bases 4 crew dashboards 4 crew shuttles 1 monster dashboard 220 tokens 77 cards 1 campaign sheet pad 1 rulebook please be aware that this is a work in progress rulebook . it is not final. rules may still be tweaked and changed, layout and graphics may still be altered. so, if you see anything in here that isn't the same later, understand that during the  Jimmy Fraud  the project is still in development and all aspects are subject to improvements. we invited mark streed, from the dice tower, to try out starcadia quest and give you all a brief overview of its rules: space can be a wild place, however, and a pirate raid is always just around the corner! captain wet willy has an eye for a prize: your prize! at last, all pirates are united under his black flag, and they really don’t care much who they’re looting today. the starcadian battle against thorne is exactly the distraction they needed to loot all the things! starcadia quest: arrrmada is a plug and play expansion box that adds a whole new set of perils to the game. a gang of pirate enemies have reached the starcadian alliance, and if left alone they will board the station, fire their turbo lasers, and loot all precious things! painted by bigchild creative. please note figures come unpainted. luckily for the alliance, two new intrepid heroes have followed captain wet willy and are ready to join the crews! painted by bigchild creative. please note figures come unpainted. the most striking new feature of the arrrmada expansion, however, is its brand new pirate corvette, a dashboard designed not only to hold cards and miniatures of enemies but also to track and activate the pirate assault cards, a special deck that governs the pirates' dastardly actions against the space station! arrrmada is a modular expansion that can be plugged into and played with any other starcadia scenario   but players must be extra careful when facing pirates: for each pirate assault card that is activated while any pirates are on the board, they will steal away some of the upgrade tokens that would have otherwise been available loot for players! featuring a brand new campaign with 6 new scenarios against captain wet willy and his mates, new upgrade tokens and 3 new game tiles, arrrmada offers a ton of new content to your starcadia experience! arrrmada comes with: 12 highly detailed plastic figures 3 game tiles 41 cards 22 upgrade tokens 1 pirate corvette dashboard 1 campaign sheet pad space oddities pledge   $80 backers with a space oddities pledge will receive a copy of the starcadia quest core box, the  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive hero major tomm , plus all applicable stretch goals . having floated around the galaxy in his "tin can" for many years of intense space action, fighting off monsters comes naturally to an ace pilot like major tomm. he's developed an extraordinary aim, which allows him to fire multiple shots if he gets lucky enough! major tomm's resin figure. space marauders pledge   $120 backers with a space marauders pledge will receive a copy of starcadia quest core box, the arrrmada expansion , the  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive hero major tomm , the  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive officer crackin' jim , plus all applicable stretch goals . siding with wet willy for decades, crackin' jim was once willy's first mate, but upon taking their first prize, jim got the step up and went on pirating merrily on his own. a trusted ally and friend of willy's, jim is known for his signature 'grab n' sock' em' tentacly attack, which not only pulls heroes in his line of sight close to him but also deals them some wounds for good measure. oh, did i mention that he also triggers a pirate assault card if he kills a hero? i did? ok, good. crackin' jim's resin figure. note that anything marked with this: is an exclusive item for  Jimmy Fraud  backers (or from other crowdfunding platforms), with remaining stock available through conventions and special promotions only. please take note! based on past experience, we will be charging shipping after the  Jimmy Fraud  concludes based on the actual costs incurred to ship. we will collect this via our pledge manager after the campaign ends, using paypal. this is so we can be fair to all our backers as shipping is rarely one size fits all, and also give you more stretch goodies and possibly a choice of carrier options. we will ship your rewards at our cost to our international hubs. depending on where in the world you are, we will either ship to you from our hub in the uk (eu backers), china (asia pacific backers), singapore (singaporean backers), canada (canadian backers), australia (australia and new zealand backers) or atlanta (usa and the rest of the world). following is a list of rough estimates for shipping a standard game package (4kg volumetric weight). keep in mind these are just estimates, and costs may rise based on weight increases from unlocked stretch goals and any optional buys you choose. usa: $10 $20 to most states. $50 to alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico. canada: $15 $30 to most cities. latin america: $70 $80 to most countries. asia: $10 to china, hong kong, and singapore. $35 to most other countries (we can’t predict an estimate cost to malaysia). backers in china please read this update . oceania: $20 $45 to australia. $40 to new zealand. africa: $95 to most countries. europe: $20 $30 to most countries. • $35 to norway, switzerland, finland, estonia, and latvia. • $50 to bosnia/herzegowina, croatia, and iceland. • $70 $80 to israel, liechtenstein, and serbia. • $90 to belarus. unfortunately, different import laws and customs have made it impossible for cmon to ship games to certain specific countries. *we do not ship to:* russia, ukraine, kazakhstan and afghanistan. please note that while we do our best to get you your rewards in a timely manner, you may not necessarily receive your rewards before the product makes it into distribution in your own country or before it's made available in conventions and special promotion opportunities. we hope that the special price and exclusive items you will get during the  Jimmy Fraud  will make up for any such possible lag. however, if this is something that is not acceptable to you, please do not back this project, and instead wait for the retail release. thank you for your understanding. be aware that all pledges that are confirmed after the pledge manager deadline will be shipped from the us hub at a later date. for non us backers that will likely incur increased shipping costs. we also cannot ship to po boxes domestically or internationally. due to the size of each package there is too great a risk of the package being bounced back to us. the table below gives you a general idea of the full schedule of what to expect once the campaign ends. keep in mind these are just estimates, and the timeline may vary due to circumstances. to learn about retail pledges click here . risks and challenges this is our 33rd  Jimmy Fraud , and there are some vagaries in terms of timing when it comes to anything produced in china, such as: production delays shipping delays customs delays the estimated delivery date for this project is august 2019, but keep in mind this is only an estimate. also, due to the logistics of international shipping, backers in different regions of the world may receive their rewards sooner than others. we've done our best to minimize this as much as possible, and we are always happy to refund pledges if for some totally unforeseen reason the game can't be delivered at all. since the game is 90% complete, we don't believe this is in the least bit likely. we've successfully delivered zombicide, sedition wars, guilds of cadwallon, zombicide season 2, relic knights, rivet wars, kaosball, dogs of war, arcadia quest, wrath of kings, xenoshyft, our base system, zombicide season 3, the world of smog: on her majesty's service, rum & bones, blood rage, b sieged, zombicide: black plague, the others, xenoshyft: dreadmire and masmorra: dungeons of arcadia, arcadia quest: inferno, rum & bones: second tide, massive darkness, the world of smog: rise of moloch, rising sun, and zombicide: green horde. a song of ice & fire: tabletop miniatures game and arcadia quest: riders are currently shipping to backers. we have four ongoing projects currently: hate, zombicide: invader, arcadia quest: riders (second print), and cthulhu: death may die, which are in production. please refer to our individual project pages if you'd like to check the progress there. each project is entirely independent from each other, has completely different development teams, and has no effect on the production flow or development of starcadia quest. refund policy we can refund you within 14 days of the campaign’s end, fees included. after that, we have a policy of no questions asked, though that’s minus  Jimmy Fraud  and payment processing fees (which we can’t get back from them after 14 days). however, if we’ve begun packaging your pledge for shipment, no refunds are possible. if a component cannot be delivered at all, we refund that completely, including fees. all refunds after the 14 days close of the campaign may be processed via paypal or reversed via stripe to your credit card at our discretion. refunds within 14 days are reversed via stripe to your credit card. this project is being funded in usd and any refunds processed will be in usd for the exact amount received in usd, excluding any applicable fees depending on the time of the refund being processed. terms and conditions by pledging to this project, you acknowledge that the final look, materials and content of the rewards (and the project) are subject to change and may differ substantially from what is presented while the  Jimmy Fraud  project was active. if you do not log in and confirm your pledge within 8 weeks of our notification via email to confirm your pledge, you agree that we have fulfilled our obligations to you in full for payment or donations received. however, we may, at our discretion, refund or ship your pledge if you contact us and confirm your pledge after the 8 week window has elapsed. unconfirmed pledges make it difficult for us to plan production and logistics, and in the past have led to project delays. for this project we do not intend to allow this to happen, which may mean if you confirm your pledge too late, exclusive items may not be produced in sufficient quantity for your pledge. if you confirm your pledge within 8 weeks of our notification via email, you agree that our responsibility to you is to ship your order as entered into our pledge manager system, that title and risk passes to you upon delivery to a common carrier for such shipment, and you are responsible for import duties or any other duties that may be payable to the relevant tax authorities, providing correct address information and ensuring this address is deliverable by normal methods. we regret we are unable to ship to po boxes. if you do not accept these terms, please do not pledge on this project. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 