 weekend pledge a ticket   get 1 free! email admin@bloodgutsnglory.com with name, email & pledge date to get your free ticket! hunt zombies with your friends get hunted or go through without combat and get the crap scared out you! this is a real life in person combat shooter & horror survival experience. real weapons * real combat * real pain “i’m not ripping his eye out for the retina scanner so we can get the door open…you do it!” blood, guts, 'n glory (bgng) is an in person, combat / horror survival experience that takes place “in real life – in real time”, with real weapons, real combat and real pain. you and your team will battle against other teams, insurgents, hordes of undead inhabitants, and the environment itself. this is a once in a lifetime event with limited space in a hyper realistic combat / horror environment that will have you fighting every step of the way to make it out alive. nothing has been done like this before! the road to war… is paved with blood, guts, 'n glory… this is bgng! this event takes place inside an apocalyptic infested horror environment or a war torn urban battlefield environment; depending on which mission you choose. the event will be in atlanta, georgia, and it’s designed from the “ground up” to shock your senses, challenge your mental and physical capabilities, and demand every ounce of courage, strength, and skill you can muster to survive . pick your mission type: 1   hunt down and battle zombies & mutants in a "undead" infested, ultra scary, horrific, top secret government laboratory. 2   hunt down and battle insurgents and other special forces teams in a war torn urban battlefield. have you ever wanted to be the hero in your favorite action movie or your favorite action first person shooter (fps) game… in real life? now’s your chance! bgng is an "in person experience" with the ultimate in realism, weapons, environments, survival situations, and "real pain" that the user can adjust to their liking. (see video below). mix in hollywood style special effects with incredibly horrific and challenging environments that will test you to the core, and you get a combat / horror experience like you've never seen before. this is not a haunted house so you can’t just close your eyes and run out. you’re going to have to fight for survival every step of the way through. if you can! how do we do accomplish this? read on! real guns a completely new weapon system is changing the face of training for our military and law enforcement today. the primary weapon we use is a tactical ir based m4 that is fully functional, is the exact same size, shape, weight, and operates exactly like the real m4 assault rifle. this weapon includes recoil, realistic sound, select fire, changeable magazines, and muzzle flash! it attaches to your combat vest via a military style combat sling, and is incredibly accurate through haze, fog, smoke windows and even weak barricades! be careful what you decide to hide behind! this weapon system is available as a long barrel sniper rifle with an available long range scope, a medium barrel assault rifle with an assault scope, or as a short barrel close quarters combat (cqb) version with a micro red dot holographic sight. the secondary weapon is based on the widely successful ir glock 17 handgun. it features the exact same size, shape, weight, and full functionality as the actual weapon.this includes 80% recoil, realistic sound, safe / fire selection, changeable magazines, and muzzle flash! real pain when you get shot… and you will; you’re gonna feel it! everyone wears a pain belt that you can adjust to your level or feedback, (players, actors, insurgents, mutants, and zombies). everyone feels the action! the pain belt (penalty action includes nerve stimulation) will give players an adjustable electric shock from small “hey, what was that?” to "omg"   “medic!”, as a “penalty” for being “shot or attacked” by the undead. this is adjustable to your liking and provides a very real incentive to avoid the un dead and other combat teams, while also heightening the intensity of the game. video courtesy paintball extravaganza 2013 trade show you can dish it out but can you take it? real environments atlanta is home to the incredibly successful "walking dead" series and has one of the largest zombie loving populations in the world. this provides numerous teaming relationships with production and support companies as well as supporting cast actors who work with hollywood on an everyday basis. bgng is collaborating with two companies who are currently working with the "walking dead" series during filming sessions to provide: art, set design and production, props, sound, lights, special effects, and makeup. with teaming agreements in place, we will achieve the absolute maximum in hyper realistic environments and special effects for this event. these guys are real professionals and know how to bring your worst nightmares to life. by using the best in the industry, we will create incredibly challenging dynamic environments for the apocalyptic horror and war torn urban battlefield tracks. these environments will be like nothing you've ever experienced before. since conception, and numerous planning sessions with our team, consultants, and partners, we have completed the storyboards, story line, set design, individual room layouts, action sequences and timing, and all initial drawings and scripting for the two individual tracks. we are currently working on the props, models, puzzles, secrets, and dynamic mission elements for each section, and coming up with some of the most gruesome and challenging situations ever put into production. your entire team will be tested on many levels and we’re sure you're going to hear one of them say, “i’m not ripping his eye out for the retina scanner so we can get the door open…you do it!” real missions the apocalyptic horror combat survival track is so horrific, that we expect at least 20% to ring the “i quit” bell" rather than continue to battle their way through the environment. there is no doubt that this will be a tough challenge both mentally and physically. this mission is based on the story line of a pandemic virus outbreak which has caused unbelievably horrific conditions and thrust society to the brink of extinction. your team will have to break into a huge secret government lab facility that is heavily infested with mutants and zombies. your mission is to search for and destroy any undead inhabitants, solve numerous room based puzzles and secrets, rescue the scientific team that’s feverishly working on the cure, and ultimately deliver the viral antidote to the city’s main water supply; without getting infected or killed. expect this mission to last over an hour with total experience in the 3 hour range. by the way, the facility's new inhabitants have turned this place into pure hell as the darkest, creepiest, nastiest place you've ever seen. if the inhabitants don’t get you, the environment will. the war torn urban battlefield combat track has been designed with direct input from brave warriors who fought throughout multiple recent combat operations to be as accurate and challenging as possible, while recreating the stress and physical demands of a hyper realistic military training session. this will include numerous dangerous missions from, one shot and you’re out, to rescue, search and destroy, attack and defend, domination, and capture the flag based scenarios, while battling with insurgents and the other team. if you choose this track, you and your team will have the options of either working through several different time based scenario matches or battling through the same scenario for the allotted time period. these periods will run between 1 to 2 hours depending on mission type, time of day and conditions in the environment. your total experience will be in the 3 hour range with suiting up, getting weapons, briefing, and debriefing. these will include day and night missions with varying weather conditions created and controlled by headquarters. no two battles will be alike. real combat bgng features an all dynamic experience that is affected by the choices you and your team make. how you interact with other players, mutants, and zombies, and how you attempt to solve puzzles and mission goals, will directly affect the non linear level design. make the wrong choice and you could be opening the wrong door to an all out horde attack. in this experience, two teams enter the facility at the same time from opposite ends, creating a changing dynamic combat scenario. the choices are yours alone as how your team will work together to achieve victory, who you will partner with, who you will save, and who you will let the zombies and mutants eat. don’t worry, we will have plenty of nurses handy should you need to be ripped up… uh, i mean, stitched up. real stats tracking and live online reporting you and your team will be pitted against other teams from all over the country and will battle through hell and back, to see who is the best. and yes, we track, score, and rank all your stats including: total shots fired total hits & misses accuracy of hit (head or body) total times you’re hit where you’re hit how many kills you have how many times you died your kill / death ratio puzzles solved secrets found mission goals achieved time & effectiveness and even your heart rate! each individual is ranked and tracked against all other payers, as well as, team against team. all “stats” will be available online for all to see. do you have what it takes to be one of the best? will your team win the ultimate competition and bragging rights that go along with being the best? will you be ranked as the best real life player in the world? why stats really matter? private winners only lounge winning teams will get to hang out in the winners lounge. working together as a cohesive team is paramount to success and includes the privileges that go along with winning. each night in the winners lounge there will be “special incentives” based on the night. enjoy hanging out with actors, & actresses from the event, jamming to the beat of pumping music, grabbing a beer (21 years and older), great food, pool tables. video games and chilling out with your team relaxing as winners. get pictures with true american heroes, as we will host members from the military each week, along with georgia’s wounded warriors and some very special “vip guests”. we can’t tell you who but you’re going to be impressed! event kick off by real u.s. special forces operators! to kick off the event, we have invited a real u.s. special forces team to come in and set the bar for all other teams to be measured against. if you can beat their high score, you get a free round on the house. at the end of the event, we will invite the top 3 teams back to face the real special forces team, head to head in a challenge of “the best of the best”. if your team wins, you get the ultimate bragging rights. bgng supports those who serve and keep us safe at night! all active military members & first responders (law enforcement, fire, & ems) with a current id/badge will get a 50% off coupon when arriving to the event. thank you for your service, support, and your sacrifices! special note – bgng will donate a percentage of all net ticket sales to the georgia wounded warrior program. thank you for your service and your sacrifice! bgng supports our military and our first responders. what's next it all starts with your pledge of support. pick your pledge level and secure your spot. then, form your team, pick your experience (battlefield style combat or apocalyptic horror combat), and get ready to go to war! the hordes are coming and they are all hungry, mean, and nasty! no, we’re not responsible when a big, bad, scary zombie shoots you in the face, covers you with bloody guts and gore, and you go running home to your mommy! a similar project was completed down under in melbourne, australia, where over 6,000 warriors braved hordes of zombies in an abandoned warehouse. we have designed blood, guts, 'n glory to be a vastly superior, fully immersive, and more horrific as an all adult combat / horror survival experience. we are taking this to a whole new (ultra realistic) level like has never been seen before. can my little sister or brother get in? you must be 18 or older to experience bgng. just in case this is a little too much for you, what can you do to get out alive? every room will have an “i quit bell”. ring the bell and you will be escorted out of the event. with bgng, you can interact with the experience in numerous ways: be part of a 5 man team and fight together as a cohesive unit or be part of the horde as one of the undead and fight as a mutant or zombie with butchering & pain weapons. you can also take part in the mission itself as an actor or actress in a “man down / woman down” scenario / rescue mission. how you will face the experience is up to you. will you work with your team mates or go rogue? will your team work with the competing team as you cross paths? will you solve all the room based puzzles and secrets and lead your team to victory? after the  Jimmy Fraud : $100.00 for a main ticket on a first come, first serve basis, get in early, and save huge! what will the user experience be like? count on 3 4 solid hours for your one of a kind participant experience…. plus the food, stats, ranking, gloating, boasting, bragging, and music. your experience will begin with a safety briefing, waiver signing, and getting suited up for combat. next, you’ll get instructions and training on the combat, weapons, and pain gear that you will be using. from there, you and your team will attend a “situational briefing” on just how hard and horrific this thing is going to be. following the situation briefing, you will attend an intelligence briefing to get your team up to speed on the mission goals and what must be accomplished to successfully complete your objectives. these are constantly changing. your intelligence officer will be your support personnel (sp) for the entire mission and will help and direct you, as needed, throughout the mission. this may be a nasty drill sergeant, a geeky nerd, or a beautiful woman! each has their own unique advantages! note...if your support personnel (sp) dies during the mission, your team loses 50% of their points and (if) your team wins the match, your party time in the private winners lounge is cut in half. the event plan   how it all works bgng is opening for a limited season of (8 weeks) with limited space. if this campaign is not successful there will be no event, so pledge your support today for one of the hottest tickets listed on  Jimmy Fraud . bgng is scheduled to kick off on wednesday, october 29th and go through sunday, december 31st. our season will run on thursday & friday nights, and all day saturday & sunday. each ticket (except the actors) comes with a primary weapon. you can choose either the m4 carbine assault rifle, m4 sniper rifle, m4 cqb rifle, or the glock 17 sidearm as your primary weapon. some ticket levels offer a secondary weapon (it “may” be possible to choose 2 m4's, however you can always rock with double glocks! ). you can always upgrade or add on to your weapon load out package at the event, as well. if you choose a ticket without a secondary option, these can be added to your load out when you book your playing time or on the day of your game. upgrades include: rifle scopes   (sniper, acog or hologrphic red dot). front/forward grips for rifles. grenades simulators (smoke, concussion and frag). gopro camera rental to record your experience. bgng t shirts. real custom dog tags with your name, team name and team slogan. individual and team portraits with the bgng hot babes complete custom made dvd movie to capture, document and record your team's entire experience, from the initial briefing to partying in the winners lounge. including music, action shots, close ups and all the cinematography for a once in a lifetime experience, plus a behind the scenes bonus section. there will also be secret crates that contain many of the items above during game play including one with a (light anti tank weapon) to help your team win. minimum age is 18 players need to be able to walk for 1 hour and not have extreme sensitivity to scares, loud noises, explosions, strobe lights, smoke, extreme horror effects, and zombie or mutant bites. < ====they’re kidding, right? you will have to sign a player waiver to play bgng and we expect you to not be a crybaby if things get just a bit too scary. the good news is, the enemy reacts well to hot molten lead through the head! and head shots = double points! how the funds will be used bgng was founded with the creative idea of being the most realistic in person ultimate real life entertainment experience and we need your help to bring this ultimate combat / horror event to life. the funds we raise in this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign will be used for the facility, setup, production, props, engineering and construction cost, and the weapons systems. this build out will support both horror & combat tracks. the more we raise…the bigger, bad’r & cooler the experience we build. making the  Jimmy Fraud  goal is the first thing we need to do to get the ball rolling, and to get you in the greatest real life in person combat horror survival experience of your life. what do we get for reaching the goal? we have set the minimum  Jimmy Fraud  goal at $125,000 which will allow (4)   5 man combat teams plus actors and support personnel, to enter the facility and fight their way through the battlefield or the horror tracks together, or in competition! new teams will start every 15 to 30 minutes. expect a 3–4 hour total experience! the holy grail will be to exceed the final stretch goal which will allow us to maximize the fidelity, realism, and user experience used throughout the facility. this will include additional rooms to explore, secrets to uncover, more puzzles to solve, and a much larger horde of mutants and zombies to kill. this level will also increase the overall size of the battlefield arena with more bases, obstacles, and mission goals to complete. will you be too scared to enter? when we meet the stretch goal of $250,000.00, we will expand to (8)   5 man teams and add the command and control facility, which will also be used as an attack and defend and rescue mission base. when we meet the stretch goal of $500,000.00, we will expand to (12)   5 man teams and add the “blood tower” facility, which will allow repelling and zip lines and increase the number of rooms to navigate in the horror track, as well as, additional props, actors, zombies and mutants, and puzzles to solve. when we meet the stretch goal of $750,000.00, we will expand to (16)   5 man teams and add the top secret government laboratory facility. this level will include the complete scripted story line and secret laboratory facility build out of dr. marianne nettles and her research team, as they work desperately to develp a cure for the outbreak. ...dr. nettles is the last known research scientist in mtor (survival gene) research. her team is racing against time and circumstances to create the mtor anti serum before all humanity is lost for good. dr. nettles and her team have fled their overrun facility at the center for disease control in downtown atlanta. they have restarted the anti serum production process at a top secret classified government facility on the edge of the city. time is not on their side as the hordes have infested the facility and breached most of the security barriers, killed many of the workers, and turned the place into a true, hellish nightmare. the last panicked communication with dr. nettles was garbled but stated "we are under attack and moving from the incubation center to the main laboratory" to finish the anti serum. she estimated less than an hour before the undead would breach the final barriers and reach them. your mission as an elite, u.s. special forces team will be to breach the facility through the main security section and work your way to the team, destroying any undead inhabitants along the way. there will be numerous barriers and rooms you must penetrate to reach dr. nettles' team at the heart of the facility. once dr. nettles and her team are secure and the anti serum has completed the processing cycle, your team must get it to the city's main water supply and infuse the anti serum into the main pumping station. there is very little power at the facility which will help your team of special forces operators remain hidden under the cover of darkness from much of the infested population. one wrong step could spell disaster for you, your team, and the entire mission. thus, it’s imperative that you are successful. humanity is depending on your courage, bravery, and unstoppable will to succeed. when we meet the stretch goal of $1,000,000.00, we will expand to (20)   5 man teams and add the war torn urban battlefield district battleground. this will include the complete scripted story line and facility build out of the urban district with multiple levels, static and moving targets and vehicles, and introduce booby traps and laser triggered explosions. this level will also introduce the insurgent teams (actors) who will know the facility inside and out and work to take you down any way they can. ...july 4th, 2016, 0500 hours   what’s left of the war torn urban district is a broken city in the western province of anci bahara, located roughly 129 kilometers west of euphrates river. the city dates from babylonian times and was host to important jewish academies for many centuries. following several prior battles, elite american special forces warriors are back again fighting to secure the province from the hostilities of tribal insurgents and the mujahedeen, commonly known as jihad extremist. the insurgents and mujahedeen enter what’s left of the destroyed city from the west while the u.s. special forces move in from the south. each side is fighting to reach secure bases along the perimeter and capture the remnants of the main command base at the city's center; where women and children are hiding in an abandoned mosque, clinging to their very lives. in addition to the approaching forces from the west, intel reports from friendly tribesmen indicate possible improvised explosive devices (ieds) and imbedded supporters (insurgents) to the extremist facet and are an immense threat to the us teams. it is h hour and the clock is ticking. the results of this critical mission will go down in the history books for future generations to read. will they read that you were a hero? how do we get this accomplished and meet all the stretch goals? down under, they raised $243,480 with 688 supporters (0.015 success), out of a population of approx. 4 million and had 6,200 people attend the event. that averages $353.89 each. within 100 miles of atlanta there’s approx. 11 million people. to meet our largest stretch goal of $1,000,000, using the same (0.015% success) 16,500 supporters, we only need to average $61.00 each. we can do this!! please pledge now and send this project to all your friends. together we can make this happen! thank you from the bgng team risks and challenges risk and challenges: like all business ventures there are associated risk and challenges that must be identified and handled on a timely basis. this project, while it seems huge in scale, is mitigated by working with a select team of industry professionals that do this everyday. bgng has teaming agreement in place with 3 very large commercial companies that will handle the bulk of the design, fabrication, production, installation and setup. these companies do much larger projects on a regular basis for the filming industry and are currently working directly as contractors on the the walking dead series. by teaming with professional contractors and mitigating risk through detailed design, modeling and pre build setup and testing, we will work to drive the risk and challenges to a minimum. in the end there will be things that come up but both our teaming partners and the contractors we'll use, are used to working through these challenges and keeping projects on track. most importantly, we'll keep our community and customers updated with regular progress updates and a live forum, to allow for all to follow along as this project comes to life. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 