scriptionhaving been in the jewelry business in the usa, then living in thailand for more than 25 years as an american exposed to various thai companies practices, we know the truths behind the business. it is not a pretty picture in many cases. because of these learned facts, peter started his own supporting jewelry company in thailand. not because he wanted his own factory, but because he knew if you want it done right you do it yourself. in starting this company he gave new jobs to americans, brits, australians and of course thais. a rare company for sure. to assist us in our unique jewelry concepts we have designers under the direction of peter, to bring in what has not been taught to them, jewelry design. what does this mean? our designers come from other mediums such as brush and pencil, not a limited jewelry only designer mindset. we are not interested in the concept of traditional jewelry design for the world is flooded with the average. this model belongs to the business of the large corporate entities and the smaller fast money based businesses of the common and the average. we start with a silver alloy process of 925 or better to ensure fine sterling silver content in all of our jewelry. this is the peter stone 5 star promise. guaranteed. how? our process begins right in our own factory; mixing of metals is done in house to create a fine sterling silver alloy from the purest silver available. our reputable raw silver source is a long established and highly respected firm in bangkok. in our future project we’re creating 1/3 of all new designs in gold, using the finest gold available from our current reputable precious metals supplier. you’ll get the same guarantee in our karat gold jewelry. because we guarantee our precious metal content and the alloy process alchemy in house, you’ll get gorgeous jewelry 1st time ~ every time. the peter stone team when you understand the culture and history of the thais and their amazing ability to remain in a centered now moment space, so revered by many in the west, you’ll know where the beauty begins. we have provided an opportunity for each individual at every level in life to shine from deep within. we support, encourage and allow all team players and peter stone “family members” to shine brightly with a highly esteemed core. many have arrived from places of very strict demands, strict rules, and tough push through mindsets. coerced and intimidated. at peter stone we have a healthy respect for one another. we support each other in many areas of life and create beautiful jewelry at the same time. from this place of respect and encouragement our collective attitude is that of how beautifully amazing we can, as a team, create a piece of jewelry that affects the wearer in profound ways. we are proud we can transfer this kindness, amazing thai cultural energy and care into every piece of jewelry made. to offer you the finest detail in unique inspiring jewelry design, it all starts with what feels right. unlike most jewelry companies, we sit out of sight, off the beaten path creating with heart and connection. a well kept secret has emerged in the form of beautifully unique and symbolic designs. for many years peter stone has been primarily a wholesaler to stores online and off. we’re changing. with so many poorly focused imports having no protection on intellectual design copyrights we have been forced to change our key market focus. our new focus is a more socially conscious buyer who cares what they buy, how it’s made and who it supports. we will do this at a price that is affordable and direct to you with no middleman. our 25th anniversary of sterling silver jewelry creativity is a gift and next we are going for the gold. our plan is to add a new horizon in harnessing the “power of the sun” through creativity in precious gold jewelry. this is a major change in direction for peter stone. phasing into gold! our plan is to, share to wear, inspiring jewelry that will bring the invisible to the visible, to inspire and elevate your passions in life that carry high vibrational energy. our existing silver jewelry line remains and will include some new designs. our excitement is in gold, updating and adding new powerfully symbolic designs. gold, so revered in the history of the power of jewelry in the past that we are strongly drawn to this newly found connection. every new peter stone gold jewelry design is a limited edition of only 1,727 pieces – you’ll be sure you have jewelry that is rare and unique. jewelry you will feel completeness in the value of ownership. each piece is edition numbered and marked. you will be noticed. we do things differently and want to share our ideas and core values to inspire others. we enjoy speaking to and connecting with you directly, the wearer and the people who truly appreciate the peter stone way of doing things. this is one more great reason to become a backer of our project. we look at the environment with depth considering the far reaching consequences of directly cutting fuel use, cutting packaging and wasteful marketing practices to mention only a few. this value vision goes far beyond the obvious. when you buy retail direct from peter stone as a backer you will be sure you are getting the best possible price and removing all unnecessary costs while looking after the environment. you are always welcome to experience the process first hand at our production facility in thailand, less than 10 minutes from bangkok’s international airport. coming to thailand? come see for yourself. stop by for a visit. the doors are always open to our backer family, friends and guests! the triskelion symbol looks like it is moving and in that sense, it is also considered as the symbol of progress, personal growth and improvement. scarab represented the sun in ancient egyptian culture. it is symbolic of growth and development peter stone believes in creating a jewelry that evokes passion, respect, and encouragement. we bring back a statement of personal connection to resonate our social and environmental mission ~ jewelry handcrafted for the heart and mind. one of the most beloved images of the divine feminine in modern times with her lunar cloak drawing the veil of night ~ a sacred reminder of the beauty and divinity in every woman. not all of us go to war, but we all have battles to fight. we think too much, seek too much, want too much, and forget about the joy of just being. everything is deemed challenging. no matter what we’re going through, we must keep fighting. armed with grace and spirit, take aim with good meaningful purpose. carry nothing but love, peace and unity. the cosmic beings who collectively hold and share the power, the wisdom and everlasting infinite love. they are always with us whenever and wherever we are. connect with the collective. bring more faith, love and joy into your life and those around you. harness the power of all 7 of your archangels in this carefully designed piece of jewelry. these rings spark the energy of dreams when truths hidden in the depths of myth exist where mind meets story. the ingenious mind then evolves into rich, uncovered discovery. share or wear them and connect to the extraordinary messages that await. perfect for any mastermind, large or small. available in ring sizes 4 up to 17 flower of life are symbols for the eternal cycle of life, for everything that is and for the highest grade of transformation. within the dimension of steampunk design is time and space. steampunk breathes life into perspective and dimension. it opens the creative mind within. a force for good is a new project – plus your custom words up to 14 letters.   new finest grade german leather finished inside and out.   new upgraded magnetic locking.   device interchangeable nameplates.   now you can order independent word plates to change your message everyday every month or as you see fit includes.   reverse side engraved with your secret intention included in your first order. alpha & omega is a high energy symbol of transformation: if alpha is going through omega one finds their true power and can change all things. the strength in transformation is what propels us to meet with anything’s possible. a necklace that speaks the language of astrology and healing while revealing the harmonies of life. discover the energies at play and the mysteries of the cosmos. this symbol means to be able to live the three aspects of female: the virgin – the mother – the wise old woman. it also means the ability to renew each month our energy to receive and to spend life. we have the experience of birth and life in our body. we have the wisdom: we are love and if we are in our own energy, we can be the spring of life for men. ~ sibylle grummes unruh capture amazing angelic energies then amplify exponentially with the power of the triquetra three aspects divine’s unity. connect and feel the energy with this stunning trinity knot angel triple gold vermeil collection. make a bold statement with this stunning celtic knotwork jewelry set that captures the beauty and symbolism of the unique energies and connection throughout this spiraling knotwork design. rise as the “phoenix rises from the ashes”. live into renewal and endurance with a new, strength in your vision and ambitions ~ soar ~ go the miles with an accelerated power in your upward flight in the direction that most matters to you. our point of intention is always our point of attraction. closely notice the energy you are bringing into your space at the moment, as it is when you experience your deepest joy. immerse yourself in nature. let the healing begin. strongly influence the subconscious mind by creating peaceful thoughts and a vibrant, healthy being. work on each chakra bringing your energy to a clean high vibrational, whirling state. steps in the emotional healing process can be painful. bring strength to yourself with a consistent focus on how to: 1. be yourself 2. invent yourself anew 3. feel the love in yourself. disrupt disempowering thinking. break the cycle. the healing pendants draw from the universe’s inherent power so it's wearer's journey through life brings emotional healing at an accelerated pace. there is something about a horse's energy that creates a powerful shift in us. when we’re tense, we have only to hug them and we come into alignment with them. our heartbeat slows and stress leaves our body. soft eyes that always bring us into the present moment, feeling the love. create connection with the infinite spiral, channeling the energies of spiritual power, protection, and all sources of healing through the ancient healer’s hand. upheld by shamanic energy, the spiral is the path of our existence, the eternity of soul and self transformation from within. life’s a sacred journey of change, growth, discovery, and transformation. an ancient symbol of wholeness, the labyrinth with its imagery, pictures a purposeful path to our center and back again out into the world. we are all on the path... exactly where we need to be. we can only go forward, shaping our life story into a magnificent tale of triumph, healing, courage, wisdom, power, and love. ravens connect us to our strengths of natural intuition coupling our best abilities and powers of thought creation. they refine our abilities and raise our energy to a level vibrating with the magical forces and mysteries of the cosmos. these connections bring us to an elevated level of knowledge that almost always remains hidden and inaccessible. this connection gives us our full capacity to play full on. when we wear and meditate with this symbol, a confidence in our creativity brings harmony, connection and strength in our hidden human bonds. a continued forward movement energizes our inter dependence and inter connectedness in all existence, as we spin together on this amazing planet earth. water energy gives life to everything. metal energy (including silver and gold) gives life to water by breaking blockages and removing obstacles so water can flow freely. the mind becomes enlightened. money flows in. relationships and business greatly improve and flow easier. even blood circulation will improve, creating better health. good things flow in all parts of your life. the energy discovered in this jewelry set by feng shui master val biktashev. dali’s vision breaks all rule and convention of his time. his extraordinarily magnificent work continues to inspire many through his grasp on the deep connection of all things in life. an artist and a dimension unto his own. our life is only a blip in time, a short sentence in a novel we’ll never see the end of. fill it with self love. self respect. be a walking miracle that quivers miraculous anticipation. wear words that reflect life’s purpose. day after day. look into your heart. think beyond the chapters. you have the soul power within you. full of grace, courage, and possibilities. a profound dali inspired masterpiece ~ designed to connect you to the secrets of the universe ~ enter through the reflection of the sun’s brilliant gold energy coupled with planetary polarities. a stunningly detailed and powerful piece of jewelry to have in your possession. a stunning underwater photograph by award winning advocate for the sea, to inspire the preservation and protection of our fragile environment, ernie brooks. we have partnered. one of peter stone’s sea life collections most stunning creations to date is a limited edition of only 999 pieces. a new design just completed in november 2018. destiny is determined by the astral light patterns of karma and fortune. they are a reflection of the greater whole into which you are born reflecting the strength of the planets that benefit you as well as diminishing the harmful effects of challenging karma. keep your angels close ~ powerful invocations of your archangels strength and power bring positive energy, living light and protection. wear your gold archangel jewelry with the power and protection you desire and need most. choose any of the 7 archangels or purchase the entire set. choose your own guardian archangels from list below: michael ~ gabriel ~ raphael ~ uriel samael ~ thavael ~ zadkiel live into renewal and endurance with a new vision. soar high in your ambitions ~ go the miles with accelerated power in your flight. this design is coupled with the mystique of the fleur de lis’s uplifted flowing beauty and energy of life, light and perfection. you’ll find this to be an especially strong place to emerge from. a very special new jewelry design. keep your angels close ~ powerful invocations of your archangels strength and power bring positive energy, living light and protection. wear your gold archangel jewelry with the power and protection you desire and need most. choose any of the 7 archangels or purchase the entire set. choose your own guardian archangels from list below: michael ~ gabriel ~ raphael ~ uriel samael ~ thavael ~ zadkiel in the be a star project our goal is to fine tune this design’s original model set: includes a ring, pendant and earring set refining the continuity and precision in every line. this major upgrade and change will bring new vibrant life cast in beautiful 14 kt gold. a stunning jewelry set for sure. by special request: all silver designs are available in karat gold of your choice jeweler direct is what you get from peter stone. we save you time and money. our work comes directly from the jeweler’s hands brilliantly polished with one final check, then on to you. our new gold project we will continue with our high level quality check guarantee just as in our silver jewelry. when your jewelry is finished you will experience the beautiful reflective qualities inherent in fine precious metals. a brilliant luster with carefully cut gemstones that are meticulously handset, capturing brilliant energy with a magnetic appeal is what makes peter stone the finest jewelry available. wearing your jewelry you will look amazing. you will feel uplifted and well accessorized. you will not only feel the uplifting energy but an assured presence in your style. that is precisely what you are getting. stunning jewelry that will be treasured in so many ways for a very long time to come, for generations in fact. after you’ve made your pledge, we’ll ask you for your jewelry size choice, precious metal selection and gemstone type and/or color selection, when applicable. then, our professional jewelry specialists’ team will craft your order for the best fit possible incorporating the reflective beauty of who you are. we’ll have a survey at the time of your selection to get to know better. you will be extremely pleased when your jewelry arrives to your doorstep. we believe creating fine jewelry takes time. done by the hands of our finest jewelry making team you’ll get the best. our exclusive designs are peter stone originals; exclusive collectors pieces that are always beautifully crafted and uncommonly unique. every piece of our jewelry goes through more than five different quality inspection processes. our jewelry is cast, polished, gem set, finished, inspected then packed by hand. you will be sure you have in your possession not only the finest jewelry available but significantly different and uniquely designed pieces. our new ancient to modern symbols line will have our signature by design in every piece we make. because we guarantee our .925 silver and karat gold content alchemy in house, you’ll get gorgeous jewelry 1st time ~ every time with peter stone. we guarantee it. the shine of our sterling silver is markedly brighter, holds more vibrant energy and is created with heart and passion. how do we know? our customers have told us so again and again. you will see for yourself. we know from experience that a rare occasion arise where the sizing you require is not the fit you would like. we will correct any and all issues free of charge. backers of this campaign have a special lifetime guarantee we’ll take it a step further and offer you a lifetime reconditioning service free of charge. we’ll replace or repair your jewelry free of charge if ever there comes a time your reward requires our service. you need only cover shipping and handling (if any) to and from our production facility, we’ll recondition your jewelry and we’ll return it free of charge. that’s our peter stone 5 star 100% satisfaction guarantee once is a great while import customs can hold up a shipment for a normal routine inspection. this can cause a delay of a week or 2 but this is fairly rare and far from the norm. weather can sometimes be an issue in delivery, but other than that we do not foresee any big challenges. we thank you for all your support and confidence! we are excited to keep step with you, the  Jimmy Fraud  community, on this wonderful journey! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud . our standards our precious metals: · most of our raw pure silver is from local recycled sources and we are requesting the same with our gold. · all sterling silver and gold jewelry is hypoallergenic, nickel and lead free. · our major silver source and now gold source, has been the same for over 20 years. · we quality test our sterling silver content on a monthly basis and our gold project will have the same care and attention to purity guarantee. sizing: · usa standard measurements apply. · custom sizing is a benefit when you become a backer at peter stone. · difficult to find ring and bracelet sizes: petite, extra small, queen and extra large sizes. half sizes are all available for rings, bracelets and necklaces for both men and women. our business model: · we apply green business practices in as many areas a possible. · we assure that our supplier has a solid and safe worker environment and inspect often. · we support and assure employee fairly traded business practices and have for many years. · we have an unheard of 5 day work week at our supporting factory in thailand. "i bought this necklace about 10 yrs ago, and i have never taken it off. if for some reason i have to take it off, it stays on me somehow. i love this celtic knot. it cleans up nicely and easily. i am so glad i found it again searching, thinking i may have to purchase another just in case something happens to the one i own. i absolutely love peter stones work, and this necklace!!!!! "  sharon  "when i saw this pendent, it jumped out at me for there is far more symbolism here then one might realize!"  heather oliver  "i have owned this since the late 90's an was privileged to have matching leaf post earrings hand cut by the designer made while working in st. petersburg, fl. i always get compliments on it's beauty and depth in design when worn, you wont be disappointed if purchased. may i thank you again for your patience as i begged you for the beautiful earrings and you kindly complied much to my delight then and now."  jonna weigand  we have worked very hard over the years to reach this stage in our development. we will continue to do our very best in this partnership for you to receive your peter stone jewelry and are go beyond your expectations! and to do that, we sincerely need and ask for your support! let's make peter stone jewelry a major 2018  Jimmy Fraud  success story ~ together! our mission is our journey. you are always invited to experience the jewelry making process at our sister company in thailand. transparency is just one of peter stone’s many… pillars of strength. we are less than 10 minutes from bangkok's suvarnabhumi international airport. please visit us when you are in thailand. feel the vibes, experience the smiles and warmth of the thai people you partner with. join in our annual monk blessing and merit making, a once a year tradition here at peter stone for over 25 years. we’re sure you’ll love the experience. this crowd funding project is designed to fund and fuel the following: 1. to fund upgraded jewelry model making tools and equipment for new design work and to purchase silver and gold at the right market price through purchases made. 2. to bring our vision of design expansion with a positive growth message to impact and uplift people with a direct connection to energetic and symbolic jewelry that helps bring desired change into lives while doing good with a fair trading business model. 3. to fund upgrades at the peter stone thailand facility improving the workers environment. new paint, much needed updates in software systems, improved jewelry finishing equipment systems including a new 3d printer for existing design upgrades and new designs all for increased efficiencies. 4. through our expanded marketing and advertising we will share our exact success business model and training with like minded individuals and businesses who desire to build their own company and brand of jewelry based on their value message of positive intention, heart with creativity to improve the world as a whole. we know our single approach is not enough and that’s why we are inviting others to be a part of this message of heart in business. if you are an existing reseller and wish to buy at a wholesale level please ask us about your special backer wholesale package pricing structure. 5. we will continue to raise environmental awareness in areas of plastic use and excess waste by supporting and sponsoring ocean cleanup projects. a percentage of peter stone jewelry sales will be safely and securely distributed to active groups that are producing measured results in prevention, cleanup, promotion of and maintaining a plastic free and reduced waste mindset in the environment for all. have questions? risks and challenges we are new to  Jimmy Fraud , but our team and our jewelry manufacturing group have many years experience in the jewelry and gift industry! we know the obstacles first hand and have dealt with an array of challenges over the years. our project is not complex and fits well within our forward vision. however there are can be unforeseen issues. we have a proven system in place and understand potential risks. we are confident any possible challenges will be resolved quickly, smoothly, and happily. a few strengths of risk protection: first, our production team is quite experienced and you can be assured we have ample capacity to provide the finest jewelry possible, on time. secondly, we have reliable professional suppliers, with 2 additional plan b back up resources. we do not foresee any delay in our timelines. however, there is always a small chance of the unexpected, but we promise to keep you fully informed, while the campaign is on and after the campaign ends. we will always check in with you in the future to follow up on your funding experience. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 