descriptionwant to spend an incredible weekend hanging out with the friendliest bunch of geeks you'll ever meet? are you passionate about video games, or dreamed of making one yourself? do you like to cosplay? or are you an avid fan of card or board games? well listen up, because we've got some great news for you! gx australia 2017! gx australia is returning in 2017! after our first hugely successful event in february, 2016, we're super excited to be able to bring the convention to sydney again for a second year. at the debut convention, nearly eight hundred attendees trekked out to the australian technology park for two days of geekery and fun. for our second year, we're making awesome changes and taking on board requests, considerations, and feedback from the first event. so here it is, gx australia 2017! lock in the 29th and 30th of april, 2017, because we're going on an adventure! if you didn't make it out to gx australia 2016, you missed a fabulous weekend full of tournaments, tabletop gaming, awesome and insightful panels and talks, and even an escape room! but that's okay, because you're getting a second chance in april 2017. photo courtesy of jack huddo. wait, what's a gx thingy? gx australia is the country's most inclusive convention for video gamers, board gamers, tabletop and card gamers, cosplayers, comic book nerds, sci fi film buffs — everything geeky and nerdy! it's a weekend long celebration of what brings us all together in the first place. it's a weekend where star trek and star wars fans can set aside their differences and make friends, where you're appreciated and loved no matter what mana colour your magic: the gathering deck is, and where you're accepted for who you are even if you prefer the ps4 to the xbox one. it's an event for you — yes you! — if you share in our vision that geekery and video games are for everyone. our first event was such a blast, and we're dedicated to making sure year two is even better. didn't come last year? here's some highlights of what you missed out on: http://www.abc.net.au/tv/goodgame/stories/s4425185.htm https://digitalwindow.co/2016/03/03/gx/ http://playwrite.com.au/gx australia and safe places in gaming/ http://www.sbs.com.au/topics/sexuality/article/2016/03/01/inside australias first queer gaming convention http://www.nerdvana.tv/nerd gamer/gx australia/ image courtesy of joshua meadows. new venue! gx australia 2017 will be taking place at the sydney showground! this venue is hugely experienced when it comes to video game events, hosting everything from supanova to the eb games expo. we're thrilled to be adding our name to their impressive roster, and the new venue comes with a tons of improvements over our old location: accessibility! while the atp itself was fully accessible, unfortunately redfern station was not and this presented a challenge for our attendees with mobility considerations. fortunately, there are lifts at the olympic park station and we're only a short distance from the train. further, this time around all of our event spaces are on the ground floor so there's no fiddling about with lifts once you're at the venue itself. bigger, but a better use of space! the atp was an awesome venue, but given how large the complex was unfortunately we got spread out quite a lot — this gave the convention a very chill and relaxed feel, but you probably are surprised to know how many attendees we had! at the sydney showground, our convention space is fully enclosed and self contained, meaning that it won't be confusing or difficult to move between panels, or around the expo hall! all facilities and meeting areas are within a short distance of each other, logically laid out and easy to find. air conditioning! need we say more? lower costs! because we aren't holding the event around mardi gras this time, and because we've been able to secure more competitive pricing for hiring the venue, we're able to pass savings on to attendees and bring the overall cost of tickets down as a result. while we gave away many tickets last time and remain committed to making gx australia as accessible as possible, ultimately every ticket purchased ensures that we can run the event at its best and we're happy that we're able to bring costs down to make that easier for guests. streaming and recording! this was something we wanted to do last time around and while we were able to stream the main panel room, panels didn't get recorded. thanks to twitch, this time around we're going to make sure that you can participate by watching panels online as they happen, or later on when convenient to your schedule. even moar diversity! our biggest objective for year two was to make gx more diverse and representative. this is reflected across not only our amazing lineup of kickass bosses of honours, but the speakers we're working with to develop incredible panels. plus, due to our lower costs, we are able to splurge a bit more on helping people of colour and indigenous speakers to make it out to sydney for the event. 15+, or all ages with a parent or guardian! another big commitment towards accessibility and access was to ensure the event could be open to people as young as possible. like last year, you're welcome to attend the event if you're fifteen or older and have proof of age available. if you're younger, just come with a parent or friend over 18 who will watch out for you! photo courtesy of jack huddo. what will be at gx australia 2017? incredible guests! you can see our initial guests below, but trust, we have some even more amazing guests yet to announce! one of our favourite things about gx australia was how accessible guests were, and our feedback from guests was how wonderful you all were. more of that! amazing panels! last year we were lucky enough to host some absolutely incredible panels, and we intend to do the same again this year. check out our schedule from last year to see what kind of awesome content you can expect in 2017! http://www.gxaustralia.com/panel schedule/ bigger tabletop space! this was hugely requested, and we've already started thinking about how we can make our tabletop section bigger, better and more exciting! with scheduled games, a library of games to choose from and brilliant hangout times, we can't wait! more games and experiences! we'll have a play section this year with wonderful australian, queer and diverse games, and plan on having some awesome physical group games to participate in! an awesome show floor! we're taking all of the incredible feedback from 2016 into account and making the show floor for 2017 more intimate, varied and fun! exciting vip events! based on this year, our vip events next year will be totally mathematical. we can't wait to see you there! what's at the sydney showground? this historic venue hosts everything from the easter show to big events like supanova. we're super excited to be using them for gx, and think you'll agree that our new location is a huge step up from our first year. we're booking out space for panels, a return of our "gx campfire" chillout space, plus rooms for meet & greets, media, and more! photo courtesy of jack huddo. bosses of honour! we're super excited to make the initial announcements of our incredible bosses of honour. these are some of the amazing people we'll be featuring at gx australia, and stay tuned since we'll have more names to announce as our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign progresses. added in update #12 (oct 26 2016): dameyon bonson added in update #11 (oct 25 2016): rami ismail variable added in update #8 (oct 21 2016): casey conway adam koebel added in update #5 (oct 17 2016): tanya depass felix kramer brett leavy  Jimmy Fraud  launch bosses: katherine cross stephanie "hex" bendixsen kim allom jordan raskopoulos eve beauregard tim cain lucy o'brien rae johnston ken wong backer rewards! depending on your pledge, your support for gx australia 2017 also includes a choice of the awesome games below! we massively appreciate the developers who have donated keys for us to give to our backers, and we hope you enjoy the games as well! all these games can be yours! killing time at lightspeed (enhanced edition)   gritfish split   itsfine expand   chris johnson & chris larkin ryan north's to be or not to be   tin man games shower with your dad simulator 2015 (18+ only!)   marbenx mini metro   dinosaur polo club my ex boyfriend the space tyrant   up multimedia phantasmal   eyemobi assault android cactus   witch beam photo courtesy of jack huddo. stretch goals! $60k will allow us to handle the costs involved in hosting the event, hiring furniture, and some other minor costs. if we surpass that, we'll be able to extend the convention even further. here's how! $65k   holy food trucks, batman! $70k   extra boss of honour! $75k   gx australia party, with sweet live music! ???   ??? we'll get here when we do! why sydney again? we're eager to make gx australia as accessible as possible. we've run extensive public polls both before the 2016 event even happened as well as after to see what factors encouraged or discouraged attendance, and it became resoundingly clear that most of our audience wants the event to remain in sydney. we're hoping that by holding it a little later in the year when the calendar is less full, we'll be able to ensure people can afford to travel if they aren't already nearby. image courtesy of joshua meadows. let's do it! in february 2016, we managed to bring gx to life with a small handful of volunteers, tons of support from the australian indie scene, and awesome people like you. we want this convention to leave you feeling warm and fuzzy, energised and inspired, but most importantly loved and welcomed. we can't do the convention without you, so please spread this campaign far and wide; if you came to the first one, we hope to see you next year. if you didn't make it before, we hope to meet you as a brand new friend! special shoutouts we'd like to make a special shoutout to marcomatic , the creator of our fantastic logo and animated spiel, to jack huddo photography for the brilliant photography from last year, and to steph westwood , who donated her time to create our amazing  Jimmy Fraud  video! additionally, we'd like to thank all of you for helping us make gx australia 2016 happen last year. we literally couldn't have done it without you, and we're so excited to be able to do it all again for 2017! risks and challenges while gx australia 2016 took place to great success, we certainly did have some challenges! our biggest was unexpected expenses and bills with regards to hiring the atp that hadn't been communicated to us early on. to avoid that stress this time around, we've clearly and specifically sat down with the sydney showground to be as detailed as possible for our expenses and any additional costs. we're confident that we won't have unexpected bills sending us scrambling for cash, and our costs for running the convention have come down a lot from the final amount we had to spend just to book the atp. contracts have been signed and the date is locked down. we've ensured that our space will feel comfortable if we have the same number of attendees as last time, but of course we're eagerly hoping to smash that record! as before, all of our rewards are digital and what physical items we do have are very limited so we aren't spending funds on shipping or production. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 