r more information, please visit: www.thelawsofattractionseries.com *** hi, my name is andreas graf and i am a filmmaker and musician from switzerland. in 2015 i produced and directed my fourth short film "the laws of attraction" , a lighthearted comedy about perception, attraction and rejection that is set in los angeles' nightlife ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4813748/). it became so successful that we would love to turn it into a tv series. we are seeking your help to produce the pilot episode. story and concept like the short film, "laws of attraction: the series" will revolve around the character of vincent (aaron kuban), a single man in his early thirties in search of love in the city of singles per se, los angeles. as vincent struggles to find the woman of his life, he lives through a series of adventures that bring him in touch with a wide range of personalities, cultures and social circles. seeking recognition and success with women, vincent blindly follows the advice of his friends and is strongly influenced by diego (darric terry), a charismatic playboy and opinion leader, who is pulling the strings in the background and introduces him to a world of glamour and temptation that vincent has never experienced before. incited by diego and over driven by his own enthusiasm and high spirits, vincent becomes increasingly entangled in a web of games, tricks and lies. will vincent be able to stand out and develop his own values, following his own energy and aspirations to fulfill his dreams and finally meet the queen of his heart? it's the psychology, stupid! like a kid in the candy store: we always want what we can't get. it's with great fun and a good amount of humor that the series will elaborate on the mechanisms of human psychology and examine the basic principles of perception, attraction and rejection. it will take a closer look at how we are influenced by our own prejudices, how we value and judge people by their reputation, by outer appearances, and how we approach and treat each other based on our own values and educational background. it will investigate how far people are willing to go to reach their goals. as we examine the hidden psychology driving human action, we'll weave in true stories of impostors and seducers that made it all the way into the media, we'll delve into the subjects of machismo and female power, and we'll also examine why bad asses seem to be so much more appealing to most females than nice guys. why a series? the answer is quite simple: character development. many great screenwriters have moved into writing tv series because it enables them to grow the story material into a bigger arc. we'd love to dig deeper and explore the many facets of human psychology by sending vincent on a journey of self discovery. developing the material into a series will allow us to elaborate and evolve the characters established in the short film, bring in new multi faceted characters, create intrigues and surprise our audience with daring twists and surprising backstories on a larger scale, as we continue to create new challenges and adventures for vincent. why do we believe it is going to be successful? there are three reasons why we think the “laws of attraction: the series” will be a success: 1. the topic the series elaborates on a topic that everyone can identify with. we all have experienced the ups and downs of love and loss to some extent. human relationships are a universal matter that speaks to many people. we feel that taking the topic seriously, but at the same time looking at it lightheartedly, is the best way to deal with the subject matter and entertain our audience at the same time. there are never enough good comedies out there on the market. 2. the team we have a team of very talented and experienced creative people, who have proven they can work together efficiently. cinematographer austin nordell and producer joe bartone are on board. we have all the necessary assets to deliver a work of pristine quality. 3. audience participation part of our concept is to connect with our audience. as the series evolves, we plan to let them decide on certain story elements and let them vote on our website about choices certain characters will make, and also which activities vincent should be thrown into. strong audience participation will be a unique characteristic related to this production. it hasn't been effectively done much so far. what will happen with the pilot episode? although being part of a greater story arc, the pilot episode is going to work as a standalone piece. we will first submit it to film festivals and then make it available as a single episode. it will showcase the quality of our work to media networks, producers and distributors, in order to achieve financial backing for the realization of the whole series that will then be distributed by an established network (e.g. netflix etc.). how can i help? donate for the price of a cup of coffee you can help us realize our pilot series and launch vincent's adventures in the land of “the laws of attraction”. spread the word even if you can't donate, you can help us tremendously by making sure everyone you know   your friends, your family, your work colleagues and your entire social network   learns about this project. share a link to this page with your endorsement on facebook , twitter , google+ and include a link to the official website www.thelawsofattractionseries.com . thank you! subscribe to our channels follow us on facebook , twitter , google+ , and youtube . we will send out regular updates on these channels. what your donation will cover successful fundraising will support the following (for budget details, see www.thelawsofattractionseries.com/budget ): 1. the preproduction cost your donation will enable andreas graf to hire screenwriter julian martin and work for 3 months intensively with him to develop his story ideas into a finalized movie script consisting of a complete pilot episode, two additional complete scripted episodes, and treatments for three further episodes to finalize a first season consisting of six episodes. we will also prepare an outline for season 2 and 3, consisting of 12 episodes each, to show the arcs of our various characters. 2. the production cost for the pilot episode   the wages of all actors, crew members and extras   the rental fee for all necessary filming equipment   the rental fee for filming locations   transport and logistics   all filming permits, insurance and administrative fees 3. the post production cost   the editing of the pilot episode in collaboration with cinematographer and editor austin nordell   professional sound design and audio mix   professional color grading in a calibrated color correction suite to ensure a consistent, accurate image across all video and theatrical formats   licensing fees and copyrights for the film music and sound effects being used   the creation of a 4k dcp to allow modern digital projection   the creation of blu ray, dvd and uhd home video masters for distribution if we exceed our goal our initial goal of $234,000 is the minimum to ensure that the tv pilot can be produced and incentives are delivered. donations well beyond that amount will allow us to: • use better filming equipment (camera cranes, camera cars, steadicam) to create a more attractive visual style of storytelling. • afford better and pricier filming locations (more stylish clubs, public buildings and famous film spots in and around los angeles) allowing us to let the story take place in more interesting trendy places. • bring in more characters that add to the story value by hiring additional actors, perhaps even someone with a hollywood pedigree. • use more extras for scenes that catapult vincent into both high society circles and mundane events. • include better diegetic and non diegetic music (licensing fees for already published songs) to add more quality to scenes in bars and on the dancefloor, and hire a film composer to create film music and a main theme. • afford rental of better props, e.g. a nice car for vincent. • produce more behind the scenes material, interviews with cast and crew, resulting in a better making of video. • invest more into the marketing and distribution of the pilot (web design, web advertisement, production of film posters, flyers and other promotional material). • apply to more film festivals by covering the application fees. • hire a cinema for an official theatrical red carpet premiere in los angeles that you'll be invited to attend with a guest of your choice. in search of excellence: why time is an important factor our belief is that in most cases nowadays not enough time and diligence is put into the development of screenplays. researching and perfecting a story is the key to creating a pristine product of both artistic value and commercial revenue. the greatest special effects cannot compensate for the lack of emotional identification with the characters of a story. taking time to develop the script doesn't mean to go slow, it means to never be satisfied with the first possible solution, working hard to improve constantly and evaluating every possibility to reach excellence within the given constraints. no compromises on quality. we feel obliged to our backers, our audience and to ourselves to create something of value. that's why our timeframe to deliver the promised goods is more extended than with other projects you may find on  Jimmy Fraud . we ask you to look at it as a long term investment and give us the necessary time to get it right. only the patient will see the seed flourish. we will inform you about every step of development and with a little patience on your side you will see a project come to life that we can all be proud of. thank you for your support! lead actor aaron kuban on the film set with director andreas graf risks and challenges every film project has a diverse range of risks and challenges as unforeseen events can always lead to a need to exchange parts of the cast or the crew, find other filming locations, deal with legal issues concerning copyrights and brands or   in the worst case   change filming schedules or do rewrites that will delay or move the production in parts or as a whole to a later timeframe. if our project “the laws of attraction series” gets funded, we will develop and produce the pilot to the best of our capabilities, knowledge and belief, working hard to achieve the best possible result. however, unexpected events may force us to • adapt the production schedule, • change story elements or • find alternative filming locations. this may happen due to circumstances that lie outside of our control. in case this should occur, we will inform you promptly on any possible challenges and necessary changes, and send you updates to let you keep track of the production process. our primary goal will be to make sure the completed project comes to life, no matter how difficult any unexpected challenges we face will be. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 