mous original oil painting commission collaborate with west coast canadian artist, richard hoedl to create a work of art that will last generations! bring wonderful whimsical art to your life! inject some colour into your world with a hoedl original painting. this is a unique opportunity to commission an original oil painting by the west coast canadian artist richard hoedl. now you can have a one of a kind, oil landscape painting created just for you, exactly as you want it. title   solo again this commission includes 1 original 10'x10' foot to 10'x 20' foot original oil painting on stretched canvas painted by richard hoedl on location in your home or business. the actual size format of the painting can be of any shape not to exceed 40 linear feet for option 1 and not over 60 linear feet for option 2. for example: option 1 could be 10'x10' or 8'x12' or 6'x14' or 4'x16' or even 3 separate canvases that are each 5'x5' that fit together to make one painting. option 2 could be 10'x20' or 8'x22' or 6'x24' or 4'x26' or even 5 separate canvases that are each 5'x5' that fit together to make one painting. whether they are vertical or horizontal is completely based on your space and the design. because custom sized art on canvas can be of any size and shape, we will work together to create a painting that suits the final location of the painting, tweaking the size as necessary. title   waves of emotion travelling to your location is ideal for large sized paintings. any large painting is difficult to ship. and once you received it, you would have to have the pieces reassembled in your home by professional painting stretchers. this is not something your local picture framers would be capable of, especially since they would have to come to your home to do it! do you have walls that would fit art like this? one of the most unique things about these custom high quality hand painted oil paintings is that they are created on location right in your home or business. i personally will arrive, paints and canvas in hand, to design, sketch, build and paint this original custom landscape piece of art in your home right before your eyes. you get to see the entire process first hand and give me feedback as i go along. from the first pencil marks of the sketch to the final brush stroke, you will experience the whole thing. if you were to approach a gallery to get a custom work of art like this done for you in your home or business by the actual artist, it could easily cost you hundreds of thousands of dollars, most of that going directly to the gallery. through this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, you can get a once in a lifetime deal... well if you ask nicely, maybe twice! title   the last haven this concept really hasn't existed since the days when artists painted the estates or country manors of their patrons. just like in those bygone days, you will actually be collaborating with me to create the exact painting you want to enhance your space and your life. the canvas will be built in pieces off site and then brought into your home and assembled. the canvas will be stretched and primed all by hand, just as it has been done for the last 500 years. hoedl with a 4'x 6' painting title   living in the shadow richard hoedl developed this series of impressionistic contemporary landscape oil paintings that were inspired by the group of seven and emily carr with a dash of dr. seuss. utilizing the old renaissance master's technique, the canvas is often first painted with a warm orange ground (foundation). this brings soothing warmth to the entire completed painting. the images are filled with the feeling of movement and activity, yet are calm and dream like to view. your work of art will be relaxing and enjoyable for years to come. title   living a vibrant life because these paintings are done on quality canvas using the highest quality archival walnut oil paint, you can be assured that your great grandchildren will still be enjoying your painting when you have passed it down to them! in this world of planned obsolescence, where things break down on purpose, this is one thing you can expect to truly last. when you choose to commission an original oil painting for your home, it reflects a piece of your personality and makes your home more vibrantly yours. together we can create a piece of such stunning power and beauty that it will lift your mood whenever you are in its presence. wherever you want to have your painting, your office, lobby, restaurant, casino or, of course, your home, i will work with your ideas, and your color swatches, chips, etc. to create the work of art your space needs. title   dancing shadows how it all comes together each custom oil painting begins with a discussion of what you intend for the space or spaces. if this is not possible in person, it can be successfully accomplished by phone, email, skype or, more likely, a combination of the three. you can look through my archive gallery to decide which pieces and which elements appeal to you the most. please fill me in on all the details that you know for sure, including which paintings are your favorites. also please tell me all of your ideas. even if they seem conflicting, we may well be able to incorporate all of them. if you know where you want to put the piece, you have colour preferences, or this painting is needed for a specific date, these are important things to mention as well. if you live on vancouver island or in vancouver or the lower mainland, we could arrange a home consultation, if that is something you would like. i could then get a better feel for where the painting will exist and the tastes and colour schemes you enjoy. "a dynamic focal point in your room created with custom oil paintings!" now i begin sketching. usually i will do two or three sketches and email them to you or meet with you for approval. this is the best time to request changes. if none of these sketches appeal to you, i will make changes to the initial drawings or start over. once you have chosen a sketch, we can confirm the size. we will also choose a time to do the final commission and an approximate completion time, so we can plan the grand reveal gala! (more about the gala later!) title   soaring dreams when your painting can be scheduled will depend on prior bookings, as i can only schedule one or two of these commissions per month. so it is first come, first serve and if you have a specific time that you would like to have your masterpiece completed by, it would be best to book with me as soon as possible! commissions usually take at least one to two weeks from the time i arrive on your doorstep. it takes at least a couple days to build and prepare the canvas. i can create commissions consisting of multiple canvases or one complete canvas all together. even larger installations than i have mentioned are possible, and we can adjust the initial concepts when viewing the entire space. works of art can be created in practically any size. "custom art creates as beautiful a view inside as outside!" oil paintings must be done in stages, which allow each colour to dry a little before beginning to lay down the next colour. after the painting is completed, it takes approximately ten days to finish drying enough to touch. (oil paintings take a full year to cure, but can be safely moved around and touched during all but the first week or two of that period). as a bonus, i will take digital pictures of the process, which i will put together in a hard cover full colour table top book telling the story of the creation of your artwork from start to finish. it will also talk about the commemorations attached to the painting and the ideas surrounding the painting and any deeper meanings behind the painting. once you are completely satisfied that the painting is exactly what you want, you will receive with your painting a certificate of authenticity and an art care sheet . all this info will also be duplicated in your booklet that you can keep on hand to show friends or family. this is the last part of the process. title   life in progress in the final days of the completion of the painting process i will help you put together the grand reveal gala! this isn't mandatory, but i highly recommend it. this event is a fabulous open house to reveal your latest addition to your home. long evening gowns, tuxedos, wine and cheese are the norm at these kinds of events. personal invites can be sent out, professional catering called in, you can go as big as you wish or you could choose to hold a small, informal gathering of friends and family. i will be available at the grand reveal gala to talk to guests, answer questions and, of course, supply witty art commentary. i believe it is very important to celebrate the acquisition of art especially if the art was commissioned to commemorate specific events, such as anniversaries, weddings, births, business openings, in memory of loved ones, purchasing a new home, graduations or the accomplishment of other goals and life achievements. even if your decision to have art created wasn't to commemorate anything in particular, the aquisition itself is an event that should be celebrated and shared. this whole process is built on your satisfaction. i accept nothing but your happiness and will make every effort to make that a reality. when the dust settles and the final touches are made, you will be happy! that is my guarantee! risks and challenges there may be delays due to schedules not lining up or getting the flu or something. other than that, everything will work out well and you will end up with an amazing work of art that you and generations after you will love. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 