tioni am writing this book for a great many reasons, of which, one of the main reasons, was to try and find a way to understand the flow of the numbers for the lottery system, through the randomness of specific numbers drawn on any given day. in my quest for seeking such, i have found a way to do just that. i've placed the randomness of the selection process into a binary format of 0's and 1's that allow me to select, from a group of binary subsets, consistently selected winning numbers. binary code is incapable of falsehood, therefore, binary is "truth." varied sequences of 0's and 1's representing "on" and "off" signals can only be relatable to truth. the binary system that i have related to the pick 3 lottery number system is a worldwide "numbers system" that works on all continents with a pick 3 lottery gaming system. not only should it be recognized as a global numbers system, but with the consolidation from binary configuration, my system literally makes it a universal numbers system that is based on truth. here's a sneak peek of binary formatting denoted above is a quick look at the binary formatting of a consolidated subset number 0010100010 we the people... those few words have certainly taken on new meanings since monday, september 17th 1787. in today's making of modern history, they are being tested with newer and revealingly daunting trials and tribulations. recent accounts of the "u.s. government shutdown" affecting some 800,000 government workers, along with the not too long ago (during the latter part of november 2018), lay off of some 14,000 workers and employees at general motors, a major car manufacturing company; these are definitely proving to be cumbersome times. not that i agree entirely with the car manufacturer's move to cut back its work force, i do see that one of the reasons why, was to better prepare itself for logistically forward looking anticipation of improved vehicles and product development; gm may have also found it necessary to get better positioned in the industry regarding electric vehicles and cars better suited for much lower emissions of toxicity to the environment we live in. one fellow that was interviewed by various news media outlets, was saddening. he stated, to paraphrase; "...how he had been with the company for many years and had moved (relocated) three times to stay with the company... "and this is what they do." with regards to the private sector and corporation's doing what they have to to maintain flexibility and their ability to stay profitable is somewhat understandable. however, when it comes to employees of the government and the many agencies that support the government, "we the people" should re evaluate why any circumstance of politics, should ever interfere with those government employees jobs, wages and their livelihood. let us not ever deviate from certain truths. one of those main truths is that "we the people" are of the same we the people that we elected and put in office. the same people that were elected are in fact also of "we the people..." the fact that the mainstream of government employees; the men and women that, on a daily basis are the one's who use their strengths to support the very foundation(s), by holding up high, every aspect and structure of governmental agencies, that make up the government that we hold true, should never, ever find themselves as the ones being used as pawns by the "we the people," of us, that we the people put in office in the first place. i can only hope that each and every one of those laid off and furloughed workers find their way to this offering that i am making here through  Jimmy Fraud . with the system that i am making available in my book, i can guarantee that financial freedom will be put in their hands. i can only hope that those civilian patriots and military veterans that support the u.s. government by working daily to maintain that same said government, will find their newly realized financial freedom as a means of additional income. in such, that they will ensure their most valued belief that they are patriots that would still return back to work to continue to make this country of america the greatest nation on the planet. another example of just how much more of these trying times is on the horizon and has not even come close, not yet anyway, to the base of its pinnacle, is that of the newly entered world of automation. so called ai's. that's really going to put a bit of a "crimp" on everyday world economics. ai infused robotics will soon put many human workers out of a job. before going on, let's be clear about something here; the way that i view and interpret my understanding of ai differs from the mainstream. what others deem "ai" or artificial intelligence, i simply view as a coded cpu (central processing unit) that acts and reacts to functions based on what we, as humans program and code them to do. that, to me, is not an ai. anyway, not to digress, automated programmed robotic units will be mainstream in the upcoming few years. when self directed semi trucks begin to deliver 53' trailers from a point of origin (likely a warehousing facility) or more aptly, a mega distribution center, that's when you'll know world economics at the human level, is going awry, possibly. think about this for a second... inside the warehouse is going to be automated programmed robotic unit performing the duties of picking, packaging, packing and staging items. another set of programmed coded robot processors will then load the packages onto an empty 53' trailer. once properly authenticated for items, weight distribution and so on, the trailer doors are closed and the "all green" light is activated on the outside of the docking doors. that will then signals to the automated semi truck that it is clear to proceed on to its' destination. not to worry about self driven automated semi's just yet though. that one conceptualization, which is currently here as an on going and ever expanding reality, is possibly decades away from mainstream. the reason being, the entire infra and super structure(s) of our interstate and local roadway system throughout the entire u.s. would have to be updated with sensors that work in incremental and also treacherous whether. if a satellite gps system can't truly discern the roadway when covered and obscured due to snow and moderate to heavy rain and down pours, an automated truck would be rendered docile. we humans are better experienced and equipped to maneuver such elements. not to mention, the hundreds of billions of dollars it would take to apply sensors every tenth of a mile or so, that would relay back up to satelliting systems, with pin point accuracy, the location of automated vehicle over snow, ice or rain covered roadways; it's safe to reason that it's a good distance away. however, other industries are not. what are people around the globe going to do when an automated programmed robotics unit is in every fast food joint, flipping burger's and deep frying french fries? not only that, but also checking customers out (if applicable). automation is getting to the point where your so called smartphone (which initially was termed a pda personal data assistant) can process your order just minutes out from the storefront. all you'll have to do is proceed to the drive thru to collect your burger and fries from a robotic arm and hand, holding the bag there for you. then you can be on your merry way in your self driving automated car. "wow!" that's going to be... something. something indeed. we are going to have to have a way to earn income that is legal. in and of itself, in a way that no automated system can interfere with. well, as it just so happens, that way has been with us for quite some time. it is legal. it's also a beneficial and albeit, very complex system, that has been around for probably thousands of years. it is a system that will be around for thousands of years to come. think about this as well. there would also be a strong indication that crime could be drastically reduced if individuals found such a legal outlet for generating income legally, mind you, that there would be no reasoning for wanting to commit many of the armed acts of crime that are enacted today. now that, along with the perceived world of automation that we are steadily entering is enough to allow you to take a brief moment of time to review the facts of what i am offering here. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 maryland p3_pick 3 search verification/validation yes folks, i'm referring to the numbers system. ⦁ the pick 3 lottery ⦁ the pick 4 lottery ⦁ possibly the pick 5 lottery how's that possible you say... in the words of one of my most favorite president's, he being president ronald reagan, "wellllll..." this is a no joke number selection approach to "thee system" that has been validated. take a look at the following video. there are many other video's on this page to show how, from state to state within the america and also from regional foreign country to foreign country, my number selection system for picking numbers, in the case of the pick 3 lottery, can and will benefit millions of people worldwide. feel free to take a look at another of those videos you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 georgia p3_pick 3 search verification/validation let's be clear here, anyone on the face of the planet can take and type every three digit set of contained numbers from 000 to 999 on a page and do a random search selection. that's a given; then in the process of doing a search, will evidently find any number of their choosing. i want you all to understand that i am not doing that within any of the videos provided here. when looking at all of the videos that i have provided, you will see that i have combined grouped sets of three digit numbers in such a manner as to be able to put those groups into categories now known as subsets using a binary numbered set. as you are guided through the following paragraphs, you will see and discern how those groups of subset are used to funnel down the selection process. basically, what is achieved is the ability to take the probability ratio for winning the pick 3 lottery from 1:1000 to 1:250 or less. in minimizing the ratio down to 1:250 or less, you will come to the logical conclusion that the win percentage is increased dramatically. that is also a primary reason for the publication of this book. what i have learned over the course of the past 20 years of determining strategies for the numbers gaming system entail some of the following observations: take the "guess work" out of the selection process. instead, use a strategic and logical system of binary deduction that works. the methods offered in my book, soon to be published through kindle direct publishing, an amazon company, does exactly that. playing the number patterns that i provide, will increase your percentages, dramatically. patterns? what patterns are the author referring to? through what i have come to term "reciprocal number mapping," i will explain how the numbers form patterns. the patterns are then consolidated using a binary technique. i simultaneously designate the "low and high" number formats. the low and high numbering formats are an absolute, logically conclusive outcome, that cannot be disputed. there are only 4 low/high formats which are inclusive of the three digit numbers that hit the daily pick 3 lottery. those are (where l=low and h=high) lll, hhh, lhh and llh. those formats are in fact the only outcomes generated for any of the sets of numbers drawn. below is a short video_new jersey p3_01_4.24 which gives an idea of my numbers system selection process. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 new jersey p3_pick 3 search verification/validation how is it possible to make $100,000.00+ a year playing the pick 3 lottery? i will explain how it is possible to make over $100,000.00 yearly playing and consistently winning the pick 3 lottery. basing the overall determination on the actual payout provided for the pick 3 lottery which is typically $500.00, let's do the quick math. the calculation that follows, will use the "best case scenario." further determination will be explained supra. the payout is key to comprehending any gaming system that offers a win prize to play. the payout for the pick 3 lottery system is typically $500.00. in a 30 day month, the possibility can be determined as $500.00 x 30 = $15,000.00. please remember that this is based on a best case scenario. the actual monthly amounts based on my system is not based on this best case scenario, rather, it is base on an actual and logical platform. using the example provided above, we now have to multiply the $15,000.00 by 2 because we have to consider that the best case scenario includes the fact that most pick 3 lottery games played throughout the unites states play a minimum of twice daily, for the midday and the evening games. in accordance with the gaming system and my scenario, we should expect that in a 30 day period, a best case scenario would allow for a $30,000.00 win payout. man, i gotta tell you that that would be extraordinary; to win 30k monthly. wouldn't it? it most certainly would! factually, that scenario is irrational and could never, ever happen. however, let us look at a more plausible assessment. my system has factored in the overall win percentage, which is based on a 30 day (60 play allotment), 31 day (62 play allotment) and the 28 day (56 play allotment) allowed based on the fact that many states typically offer 2 plays per day. those "two plays" being the midday and the evening drawings. for the purpose of this calculation, let's simplify the process of this calculation to a 30 day count. using my system factor's, that in a 30 day period (60 play allotment period), we should reasonably expect a net return above a break even point of the 30 day period (consequently, half of the 60 play period allotment). this is key to understanding my system and is explained in great detail in the chapter titled "the 2 break even points." another of the factoring into account, is the making of $100,000.00 on a yearly basis is the determination of playing at or above the "break even." in the case of break even, let's conclude that the actual break even from a monetary standpoint, is $250.00 which is half of the win prize amount. now we have a better and more realistic idea for calculating that yearly $100,000.00 amount that i'm talking about. this is explained with great precision and accuracy in the chapter titled "the 2 break even points." once you read that chapter and get a total understanding of break even points, then you will clearly see how it is possible. let's calculate how this is possible. by using the $250.00 (the break even amount), we calculate $250.00 by an earnest amount of 42 (play allotment), which is an average of how many times i meet or exceed playing the winning numbers with my selection process. remember, the actual play allotment is based on there being a total of 60 play allotments over a 30 day period (midday and evening draws). my system, on average will hit the pick 3 lottery about 42 times, out of the 30 day (60 play allotment) period. not to digress and back to the calculation... $250.00 x 42 = $10,500.00 by a 30 day period (42 out of the 60 play allotment). $10,500.00 (on average) x 12 months = $126,000.00 for a yearly amount. i do the average here to simplify the calculation process. to determine the actual amounts, do the math based on each month by including the total days for each month. that will give you a closer outcome. in doing so, please keep in mind that the average will fluctuate. why will the average(s) fluctuate? the ultimate determinant from a month to month basis yields close and similar outcomes, albeit, in ever changing conclusions. by delving through the "back testing of the system" chapter and also through the section describing the "attributes" of the back testing, you will get a greater appreciation for this fundamental understanding. in a nutshell, yes, it is more than possible to make over $100,000.00 on a yearly basis playing the pick 3 lottery. consistently! on the  Jimmy Fraud  website, i can only explain but so much. the soon to be published book contains 590 pages of information. 50 pages of paragraphs, passages and one to two line sentence's pointing out directional approaches. the bulk of the remaining 540 pages are color filled diagrammatical illustrations detailing the sequencing and format of the patterns for the number system culminated into binary format. from the binary formatting, the breakdown to low and high details are provided along with applied coding of the attributes which detail the number sets for the number play selection process. my funding request here on  Jimmy Fraud  is to bring greater awareness of my number set selection system for the pick 3 lottery to the public arena/forum. i am also here because i am in need of updating my office network with multi tiered screens, monitor's and other computer systems to perform my data collection for processing the multitude of pick 3 and 4 historical data, other books on the subject matter and related information at a greater rate of speed. also, and as important, is my acknowledgement that i can and will prove the validity on my guarantee of validation. i can and will prove that my system, as outlined in the chapter's titled and detailing the "back testing the system," "attributes" and the "validation of the number selection process," does work. what better way to prove the guarantee that i profess, than to upload winning tickets on youtube? i dear not think of any. all proving determination's will be uploaded to my youtube site where winning tickets will be recorded on a monthly basis. before delving into the "how" i got to the position of putting the numbers selection system together, take a look at another video for a pick 3 search verification/validation of the pick 3 lottery for the state of minnesota . you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 minnesota p3_pick 3 search verification/validation let's get started with some of the briefly conveyed sections of my book by understanding the reciprocal number determinants. reciprocal number mapping to master reciprocal numbering, we must first understand how to factor the numbers to their opposites. 0 is the reciprocal (mirror number) of 5 1 is the reciprocal (mirror number) of 6 2 is the reciprocal (mirror number) of 7 3 is the reciprocal (mirror number) of 8 4 is the reciprocal (mirror number) of 9 you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 in the following illustration, i simplify the understanding of reciprocal number mapping using the number groups that range from 45 to 54. that group of numbers 45 through 54 is specifically and intentionally used. later in the explanation process, it will become clear why those number were selected. to elaborate, in specific detail, the basis of what number blocking entails, i provide some of the steps for sequence number blocking below. collect the most current pick 3 lottery number and place it into the work table. the diagram illustrates the first step: for the example above, we use 248 as an arbitrarily selected number. fill in the borders on the left side accordingly. highlight in grey color the corresponding numbers in the green field. this will be the mirror numbers first. once that is done, fill in and highlight the reciprocal adjacent number in pink. now proceed to the reciprocal charting to do the same. choose the last digit of the number. the left side in grey for the mirror/ghost numbers and then the actual number in the right side of the chart. only use the last digit that were highlighted. for instance, 7 of the grey 47, 9 of the grey 49 and 3 of the 53 goes to the left side as follows. to the right side fill in the reciprocal in pink. now we are set to start blocking out all of the remaining numbers not selected. we do so by highlighting them in red. from reciprocal number mapping to binary consolidation binary consolidation for 248 subsets defined the following is a brief model that i use to transition from reciprocal number mapping to binary subset consolidation. i can only provide a view here because there are simply far too many subsets to place within these pages. however, within the book, this section falls under the title section of "p3 ab subsets defined." please note: ab >234/789=234 ab/ab>abcde 0011100000 ab >234/789=743 ab/abc>abde 0001100100 both 0011100000 and 0001100100 are binary subsets that belong to the primary or initial binary set ab = 0011100111 3 disc dvd set containing lll, llh, lhh and hhh format; attributes along with the search and verification chart and 2 years of historical back tested data of winning numbers. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 the following 25 designation's are the only formatted 25 binary groups that set the initial premise for binary consolidation of the pick 3 lottery system. this initial group of 25, is profoundly, the only designation group that creates the foundation and the building blocks for the consolidated binary subsets that exist. the 25 designation's (sets) are the only points of origin that begin the stage for reduction to the next and final level of binary consolidation (subsets) that takes place. binary set to consolidated binary subsets the proceeding 4 videos for maryland, new york, ontario canada and ukraine illustrates the main binary set (numbers in red) and the correlation to the subsets within. using a search of any given three digit number as it is drawn for any pick 3 lottery game, the numbers drawn are detected from the final stage of the binary consolidated subsets, which the three digit number belongs to. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 maryland lottery daily pick 3_binary set to consolidated binary subsets you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 new york daily pick 3_binary set to consolidated binary subsets you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 ontario canada pick 3 lottery_binary set to consolidated binary subsets you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 ukraine play 3_binary set to consolidated binary subsets you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 new york p3_pick 3 search verification/validation binary consolidation from the binary consolidation standpoint, the numbers in yellow and green are the active numbers of selection and are to be considered the "on" numbers. we relate all the numbers in red, on the top row as being "off." using the number 964 drawn on 11/19/2018 for the maryland state lottery, we determine that those numbers were the on numbers selected for that drawing. all other numbers are to be considered off. below is a breakdown by color coding of the numbers. once again, numbers highlighted in yellow and green are the "on" numbers drawn. the numbers highlighted in red are "off" numbers. this sets the stage for understanding how to process binary consolidation for the pick 3 lottery. the binary group that the numbers 964 belong to and will only and always fall into is 0000101001 binary code. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 tennessee p3_pick 3 search verification/validation p3 flow and number verification the chart below is a very important part of the book. the formatting of the chart comes after another section that specifically deals with the historical data collection with color coding similar to the one below. inclusion of the attributes chart here is to show that over the course of a two year period, i have added "attributes" to the data collected. those attributes, as you will see, include coding(s) such as a3 l/455 and a2 c/444 as well as b3 r/455 and many others. that's all part of the attributes that i use to designate many of the aspects of detected and coding patterns that are used to select the numbers for playing the pick 3 lottery system with my lrc technique. all of the information regarding the attributes section of the book, along with various other sections of the book, will be the enlightenment for all owners and readers of the book. i have placed two of those charts below to give a brief description of what the attributes section contain. attributes beyond this point, please view all of the remaining videos collective pattern search chart_subsets you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 new zealand p3_pick 3 search verification/validation you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 belgium p3_pick 3 search verification/validation you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 florida p3_pick 3 search verification/validation you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 california p3_pick 3 search verification/validation you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 ukraine p3_pick 3 search verification/validation you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 upcoming series of books: binary configuration for the pick 3 lottery addendum : 10 years of historical validation and attributes of 8 u.s. states and 5 countries & binary configuration for the pick 4 lottery sub titled: please accept my warmest of thanks, to each and every one of you, for your consideration and contributions. risks and challenges the most pressing risks and challenges that come to mind are those that redirect me back to updating data for the book on the pick 4 lottery system; "binary configuration for the pick 4 lottery." i anticipate submission of that book to be around august of 2019. however, with the addition of the addendum: 10 years of historical pick 3 information from different states and countries, it might create a slight delay. also, updating my office equipment is a paramount and integral part of the project. i have to process all information gathered as quickly and accurately as possible. different portal access points from several monitor's and faster computer operating systems will ensure a more speedy and timely process. other than those factor's, i anticipate smooth sailing on the horizon. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 