ptionwe funded the game, now lets fund the universe! “if eve online and starcraft had a love child, it would be novus aeterno"   mmogames.com "so just what is novus aeterno? it is the biggest ding dong danged space rts you can imagine. " rtsguru.com "the game is so big, in fact, that it almost defies description. there is simply that much to it." mmorpg.com “where have you been all my life, novus aeterno? i have been waiting twenty years to play with you."   david sears, creative director special operations forces studios; creative director of the original socom series “nick and his team have delivered a very compelling core product that players will love for a very long time."   louis castle, co founder of westwood studios, creators of command & conquer click here to pledge with paypal! currently $18,468 pledged via paypal now onto the universe! we have always had a grand plan for the game and  Jimmy Fraud  has allowed us to shape our grand plan into a reality! our goal was reached within 100 hours and we are still steadily moving forward! novus aeterno is taking shape faster than we could ever have imagined and it is all thanks to the amazing support we are receiving from the community. every time you share something about novus aeterno or simply talk about it to your friends, the game grows stronger! join us and help make this game all it can be! currently $18,468 pledged via paypal capital ship bridges are currently under construction thanks to okta ! this amazing studio has reached out to us and has volunteered their time in making our mega stretch goal possible! for detailed descriptions of all of the stretch goals click here! your support is critical for the very last bit of development and testing required for our planned initial release on steam in the next 3 4 months. please pledge to get us over the finish line. spread the word! we need all the support we can get! debugging and further optimizing/testing the server. continuing development of other features including the offline ai, the customization of unit ai, and the advanced offline empire management. improving planet population management, trading and polishing up everything else. stretch goals will allow us to add in so many more incredible features. novus aeterno will be available as a one time purchase upon its initial release on steam. options will exist for buying expansion packs and, most importantly, for buying a premium “quality of life” account. these premium accounts include the following perks: longer offline build queues. if a user is offline quite often, he can still keep progressing and not completely fall too far behind friends who are more active. additional automated trade routes between your own planets. this does not make it less vulnerable, only simpler to manage your empire. prioritize offline ai's defense of specific planets planets. as you can see, all of our additional purchase options provide you the opportunity for a greater in game experience. but we will never offer players the chance to buy their way to victory. start with a home planet that you can never lose. expand your control outward across an unlimited universe of galaxies. it’s a sandbox in space where you can build your empire   and influence over other players. do it anyway you wish: through diplomatic channels, intelligence, military might or economic power. thousands and thousands of players at one time on one seamless map. the game never stops, even when you are off line, there is always a way to rebuild and recover, and there are always potential new allies and foes ready to engage you on a truly galactic scale . the strategic choices you make today will affect your tactical efforts next week, next month, and even next year! long term, real life strategies: every decision you make matters! in real life, strategic decisions do matter and carry weight that have lasting effects, beyond accumulating points on a leaderboard or in a battle report. leaders take responsibility for the consequences of their decisions – good or bad. novus aeterno allows each decision every gamer makes to play out over time across an infinite universe. just as in real life, the ever evolving universe is determined solely by the ripple effects of every action and reaction. tactical view mode dynamic balancing: a force that rewards, destroys and levels the playing field for all it’s just the nature of things. everything you do has natural consequences in real life and in novus aeterno. if you choose to expand your empire too fast without support, rebellions may erupt. or, if you become a bully, many alliances will want to team up against you. the bigger you are, the harder it is to defend your position, while smaller empires find it easier to expand. the consequences of your choices are coded into the game as you play. discover more of these dynamic forces as they are revealed in updates. open design: ‘sandbox' gameplay there are no pre set missions and there are no pre determined linear scripts that every player must progress through. story arcs in the future will be based on the lore and will occur galaxy wide for every player to deal with at the same time, regardless of how long they have been playing. what you learn from the revelations of the story arc, and how you choose to respond to these new developments will determine how your galaxy and the larger universal map progresses. game design has been built around the core tenets of the d.i.m.e. military strategy – diplomacy, intelligence, military, and economics diplomacy is the backbone of any empire within novus aeterno. it doesn't matter whether you choose to be a warrior or economist, diplomat or spy (or any variation thereof), diplomacy is your friend. be it through trading, the exchange of territory, or even supplying another player with weapons who in return protects you, without diplomacy you may find yourself isolated and your empire in jeopardy. to completely conquer another player's territory, you will need to use both force and diplomacy. all players have at least one fortress shield surrounding their planet(s) at any given time. the shield cannot be conquered by force alone. this is where your diplomatic skills come in. the only way to put the final nail into the coffin of your enemy will be through diplomacy by "encouraging" them to dismantle their shield and surrender their planet. empire management interface alliances novus aeterno supports the ability to create an alliance consisting of up to 15 players. however, multiple alliances can unofficially band together into a large group. the resulting coalition of alliances rests upon their deep and complex diplomatic relationships. such relationships should prevent the coalition from collapsing in upon itself. yet problems can arise when coalitions become large and unruly, and self interest starts to eat away at formerly mutually beneficial relationships. since novus aeterno does not prevent alliances within a coalition from turning against one another, havoc may ensue. information is the key to destroying large groups of players. with enough information and patience, a single player using subterfuge can create a situation whereby alliances start to question the loyalty of each other. the right catalyst could set off all out war between friendly alliances or turn an entire alliance against a single player. research sector interface a dynamic research system without tech trees or tiers an engineer or a scientist might get an idea about how to improve a certain aspect of your fleet by witnessing a battle on the front lines. from there the idea takes shape into an applicable theory. the theory can then be researched and tested resulting in an new advanced weapon or engine that you can put into production. this is the process used to conduct research in novus aeterno. click here for more information on our research system. how tactical is combat in novus aeterno? we’ve been advised by a real life retired major general of the us air force   jim hunt. using his advice and guidance, we have built a system where smart strategy, positioning and flanking let you defeat enemies that massively outnumber you. high level rts combat control the galaxy by constructing a huge, near limitless variety of player designed ships. your ships have directional armor, weapons, varying speeds and can even be knocked around from explosions. design your fleet tailored to the way you want to play. ship customization ship customization lets you develop the perfect ship for the objectives at hand. select your ship hull, then add weapons, shields, armor, engines and any specialty modules that you’ve researched. the tradeoffs and choices allow special task fleets to be fitted for specific operations or more generalized combat readiness. will it be long ranged maneuverable sniper fleets or fast and short range brawlers...or something else? you decide! ship designer interface wealth is power! novus aeterno lets you build markets and control trading hubs on and around your planets, manage trade treaties between empires, navigate merchant politics to bolster factions or bring ruin, all as you are raking in the profits. stockpile weapons and components as you prepare your empire for war. create vast ship production lines spanning across multiple planets. construct ship components deep inside your territory and send them to the front lines decreasing the construction and deployment time of ships. amass wealth by selling your components to other players. there is no universal marketplace. instead, each player runs his or her own market creating a dynamic player driven marketplace where prices may vary greatly depending on where you are located in the universe. passion, dedication, and not knowing any better . the reason this kind of massive strategy game has never been created before by a major studio is because their business model is simply too risk adverse. why take a chance on the unknown when you can crank out new versions of proven games? the point is that most games are created for the purpose of making money. novus aeterno, on the other hand, owes its existence to the passion of a few gamers whose motivation was simply to create the game they always wanted to play. they didn’t know that it was a one in a million shot. they weren’t limited by a business structure that placed profit before perfection. they just dedicated themselves to their dream. they simply made the impossible possible! great team of developers and designers. of course, this dream game would never have been born without the right leadership and team of developers and designers. creator and ceo nick nieuwoudt has infected an international team of very talented developers with his dream and passion. some of the most innovative people have gravitated to novus aeterno system architects, coders, designers, artists, modelers, writers, and a world class composer. together, their work has created an unmatched gaming experience. planetary construction interface innovative proprietary server architecture. it was clear to nick and his team from the very beginning that to create a totally new game required a totally new approach to the technology. taitale studio’s innovative approach to server architecture was the key to making it possible for thousands of players to engage one another on a single rts map without shards. taitale designed a new approach from the ground up with server and client teams designing and coding each feature in tandem. as there were no successful models to copy, the challenge was not easy. but instead of trying to force existing industry architectures to do what they were not designed to do, novus aeterno was painstakingly built on a system that was created to meet the exact demands of this new approach to rts gaming. ping/bandwidth the game was designed to be played with a very high ping and a low bandwidth. game can be played on one server with players worldwide and can be played on dial up. great graphic engine . havok vision engine has allowed us the flexibility to build a new genre. our client is light and the major work is all done on the server. with havok, we have the highest level graphic and the professional reliability a game this big requires. many speculated there would be a decline in power at some point, but none foresaw such a dramatic crash. no one truly knows how the end of the golden age came to pass. the sudden destruction of the five major galactic empires has been a topic of debate for centuries. but as the centuries passed, our knowledge increased; as it did, so did the dreams that fueled our endless, seemingly impossible quest to conquer the stars. in time, that knowledge grew so vast that those ambitions, grand as they had become, no longer exceeded our reach. we ventured out beyond that ebony veil, past even those shimmering points of light, into the infinite ocean of black. the survivors of the 5 once powerful empires have been scattered amongst the stars and now fight to regain the glory and power of their lost empires. the humans: able to master new and foreign technology with relative ease, with a remarkable ability to thrive in an incredibly vast array of unimaginably inhospitable environments. the veru’nas: intellectual titans and incredibly fearsome physical specimens with access to technology unsurpassed by any other race in the known universe. the cauldron born: autonomous machines designed to perform any task, intricately engineered to execute their duties with a precision unmatched in nature. the acaean: an aggregation of millions of genetically engineered species working together with perfect synergy for the benefit of the greater collective. the azendi: shrouded in an aura of quasi mysticism thanks to their considerable psychic abilities and secretive, largely unfathomable behaviour, the azendi race is perceived by many to possess preternatural powers that defy the laws of conventional science. the thirst for power and glory between the 5 races will fuel a great war that will echo through the ages. novus aeterno is latin for “new beginning of time”. the era of the old golden age empires has ended, and from their ashes new upstart empires with their own stories and experiences have risen. novus aeterno features a rich backstory and lore that will continue to be revealed. learn more about the lore and backstory of novus aeterno novus aeterno has been described as one of the most ambitious games ever undertaken. making the basic game and ensuring that it was fun was just the first step. now, we want to vastly expand the novus aeterno world. this includes completing all the other alien races, non playable characters, and other rich additions. you will have the endless ability to create new empires and opportunity to make new discoveries for years to come. pledge with paypal! these points can then be used to buy skins for your ships and planets once the game goes live. so, if you have backed us for $150 you will receive a value of $75.00 in in game store points and if you have backed us for $1,000, you will receive a whopping $500 in in game store points!  Jimmy Fraud  paypal links can be found on our website:  Jimmy Fraud  add ons note on shipping cost: if you are ordering 2 or more different items with shipping costs, you only need to pay shipping once. for subsequent items, choose the “shipping inside the us” option. if you are planning to order multiple items with different shipping costs, the highest shipping costs applies, so please select “shipping outside the us” for that item, and “shipped inside the us” for the others. if you have any questions about this or you made an error, you can contact use by mailing us at:  Jimmy Fraud @taitale.com . $10 for the apocalypse planets! $15 for the ring world! $25 for the genesis command t shirt! $25 for the endgame fleet! $35 for the karcharias fleet + the kraken! $40 for each hardcover compendium (all 4 available @ $150!) $75 for novus aeterno hard cover lore bible ( also available in a special edition @ $100) $8 for a 1 month premium subscription $150 for premium subscription for as long as novus aeterno continues taitale studios is the brainchild of nick nieuwoudt. nick had grown increasingly tired of only playing 30 minute sessions of starcraft with friends he had made around the globe. he wanted an rts game he could continue to play persistently for hours, weeks, or even years. his vision evolved into a world class game development studio with a dedicated team that includes an award winning art director, world class programmers, a few industry veterans and a high ranking military strategist. the studio spans 4 continents and 13 countries. you can read more about the team and our journey here on our forums. http://forum.novusaeterno.com/ risks and challenges the goal at taitale studios has always been to expand the rts genre into a mmorts game on a grand scale. this hasn’t been done before. novus aeterno has been built by a lean and consistently committed team. people are currently playing the game and having fun! to mitigate risks, we worked with a great graphics engine, havok vision engine, and we have developed our own proprietary server architecture. everyone at taitale studios is completely dedicated to making the best game possible and, with your help, we are confident we can deliver. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 