 stopping by to learn more about our project! the story... finding emma's heart is the first in a series of children's inspirational stories. it's a "chapter book" written in a manner that will allow children to not only be read to; but to read it themselves as they learn. our target audience is aged 6 to 9   and   we think there are messages that will inspire children and adults. the story is about emma’s journey to find a magic heart rock that was a gift from her father. she loses it on the beach and becomes convinced she will never hear her own heart until she finds the missing, magic rock. emma makes many new friends as she searches. each one agrees to help her and brings their special talents to the task. they also share lessons about faith, trust, and letting go. a key theme of the story is based on the hawaiian concept of ‘ohana   the extended “family” that’s connected by a common bond. as emma searches, she begins to feel a sense of compassion, support, and love. she begins to understand that it’s okay to ask for help; there will always be a hand to help; and that she is not alone. and, as she reaches out, she can trust that her ‘ ohana will be there. how we got here... here's a little backstory about the first steps of this creative journey! you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 the creators... we're two old souls and kindred spirits, committed to living into our creative aspirations. we believe the best collaborative efforts come when writer and illustrator share the same vision for the story's purpose. finding emma's heart is our first publication in the children's inspirational arena, and we are excited to introduce you to emma and her friends! julia is an amazing artistic talent and has always had passion to illustrate children's stories. kate is an accomplished published author and loves the creative shift her writing has taken to tell stories from the child's point of view. we share a strong sense of purpose for story telling. there's a steady nature to our creative workflow and a synchronicity in our ideas, values, and style. many times we find ourselves finishing the other's sentence. we have many more stories to tell about emma's life by the sea and see this as the first step toward our longer term goals. and...we need your help as we reach for our dreams, and bring this story to life. our aspiration... we came to  Jimmy Fraud  because we need help achieving our first aspirational goal: to publish a story about the love and support we experience when we work together and care for each other. we also feel that the idea community and compassion ( 'ohana ) seems to be a bit lost in today's world. and... if we want emma to believe, then we have to show her it's possible. we perceived  Jimmy Fraud  as a place where creative dreams become reality. we thought it a great place to begin our journey and build a community of like minded individuals that share our passion to bring inspirational stories to a child's life. your support is an important stepping stone. it will help us live into our creative passion... and ... our commitment to ohana . your support not only makes our dreams possible, but allows us to share them with you! our budget & goals... as creatives, we love to spend time thinking through longer term ideas and dreams. however, we also are practical and maintain a strong "first things first" focus and attitude. our financial goal of $4,500 will help us meet essential needs to finalize production, create a web site, establish emma's community, and bring this first story to life. support first print and e book editions: off set production costs associated with set up and initial distribution in direct to market and online channels. establish our online presence & community: launch first phase web site featuring "emma's club"   a blog driven resource center with additional information to engage/support interaction with readers. we also will support direct to market sales and membership exclusive content. explore emma’s buy one / give one program: gauge the feasibility of a buy one / give one program. we have created pledge packages that allow the buyer to give a book to a recipient of choice or children's organization. get the word out! selected, targeted placements via facebook and instagram. also support direct messaging via email (mailchimp) communications, and spot marketing/networking via linkedin. and with your help to not only reach but exceed our project goal, we will use additional funds to expand web features, continue efforts to build community, and pursue engagement with a publisher for future stories. in appreciation... ... for your gracious investment and support of our dreams   we have created five different pledge levels/gifts ranging from a minimum pledge of $10 up to $100. all gifts are exclusive to this first edition and will be numbered and signed by kate and julia. there is no limit to the number of books you can order. your support will help us get further, faster, and this is our way of saying "thank you for believing and becoming a part of our dream!" pre orders   hard copy, first print edition emma's buy one / give one   options to purchase a book and give one either to a recipient of choice or to a children's organization. the story behind the story   kate shares her real life experience that inspired this story the cast of characters   julia shares a custom print of emma and her new friends a letter and gift from emma   for all pledges of $150 or more... receive a handwritten note from emma herself, along with a special gift, addressed to the recipient of choice. what's next... character development and concept are completed. the first draft is nearly complete and content/structure editing is underway. we expect the first draft to be completed by the end of january. we are on target to have content and illustrations completed by march end. production set up is planned for april with a delivery sometime late april or early may. our time line will be more specific after the content/structure edit is completed by mid february. risks and challenges we recognize that any new endeavor has risk, we've focused on the details and worked to mitigate wherever possible. for example, this project is already well underway   we are past the point where it "might" happen to the place where we are confident it will happen. to this point it's been a "labor of love" and the financial support you provide will help us push the project "across the finish line". we've put kate's prior business and independent publishing experience to use and created a business plan. we're also tapping julia's keen marketing savvy to direct our social messaging and direct communications through various channels. we've invested ourselves into this outcome and your help will get us further, faster! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 