ptionoverall, the best and easiest way to think of it would be like a crowd sourced production company with very specific interests in genre. this is the first of a phased plan for us, the fans, to communicate with and set agreements with the major animation companies in japan and their distributors here in the us and other countries to get our favorite animes competed. everyone has their favorite series that didn't end with the closure that was wanted. this is our chance to not only voice our desires but to make it monetarily feasible for those companies to continue the series to the ending that all of us want and deserve. from legend of the legendary heroes to spice and wolf to rosario & vampire and countless more we can make it possible for the large animation companies like gonzo to use our donations to complete unfinished products and make them profitable again giving us what we have long wanted, closure. following this phase we will know what exactly would have to be raised for our first series voted on by you the backers and we can go forward with raising the rest of the required funding. with an average cost of $100,000 per episode to complete, the final requirements will be larger but we won't have to cover it all. the idea is to be one financial backer relieving the load on other companies who produce to again make it feasible to go forward with the unfinished series. i believe working together we can make this happen for at least one series and with it's success we can move forward with more. so finally finish that series you never got the desired closure with, see the ending it deserves and you want. risks and challenges as stated before this is the initial round to get an agreement set with one of the major animation companies in japan, depending on which series is chosen. the companies are willing to discuss options with backers but the final funding required will be more than this initial round which is important to note. i am not trying to sell the idea of raising $100,000 and saying that that will complete a series which would normally have a cost of significantly more, what i am trying to do is open the discussion with them to get our portion of the investment capital requirement so we can raise that and get what we want. the largest obstacle will be selling the idea to others like us and getting the funds afterwords. since the companies are willing to talk the only real problem will be final agreement terms. the largest possible risk is that the company or companies involved in the production of the series that is selected will not see it as lucrative enough for them to go back into production no matter what we offer them in terms of backing. another risk is that the final production can be set back to a later date than listed due to their operational commitments at the time, if there is a series in production and one or more scheduled then ours will go into line if accepted and we can't expect them to drop everything that they are working on at the time to complete it but it will in the long term be worth the wait. to mitigate these risks i plan on going into talks as soon as funding is appropriated so that we can get approved and establish our place in the list of projects for whichever animation studio we go with first. it is certainly impossible for me to tell you that i can definitely get this done in no time but by constantly interacting with them i can make it happen as soon as possible and i would forsee no problem hitting the 2016 timeframe as of now. it may take a bit of time to complete but once we can get the ball rolling and people see that we are making progress then i believe we will get more and more backers and we can make this a reality in the near future. the largest obstacle we face after we start is time and if you are a fan and wish to see the ending of your favorite shows like i do then the wait will be worth it in the end. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 