descriptionnew ways, old values! the emerging paradigm for new businesses is doing something positive for the environment/society while, at the same time, making money. here’s what a couple of guys from tempe, arizona are doing with a new company called betr blok. clue   and they're just getting started. click brain baffler 1 introducing the blok heds behind betr blok! betr blok, llc is being developed by chris frettoloso and barry j. fuller. learn more about them in the bio section. clue   both of these guys have a lot of these. click brain baffler 2 barry's latest article barry just finished writing a chapter entitled "homes from waste paper" for "the art of natural building." clue   this can happen sometimes. click brain baffler 3 what is betr blok? betr blok is a “green” building block made from recycled paper and other cellulose materials, which serve as a substitute for lumber – hence our slogan “building homes by saving trees.” saving trees is one of the most important goals of our company, but building great looking, energy efficient homes is just as important. betr blok is a very versatile material. it has been used to build a small number of very stylish homes, but with automation it could be used to build large numbers of conventional energy efficient homes. newsflash!! betr blok honored by materio! betr blok was just selected by materio' of paris and placed on its list of most innovative and environmentally friendly materials and technologies. clue   being selected by materio' led to this. click brain baffler 4 the betr blok advantage betr blok saves on construction costs because it is self insulating and requires less finish work. it is significantly less expensive than its nearest competitors   icfs (insulated concrete forms) and aacs (autoclaved aerated concrete). and when the betr blok manufacturing process is fully automated, its price will be directly competitive with wood frame stucco. in addition, its superior r value saves heating and cooling costs for the life of the home. so, compared with other building materials over time, betr blok will save the home owner a lot of money and benefit the environment. clue   many of these kinds of days are coming. click brain baffler 5 *after automating betr blok, its price will fall making it equal to wood frame/stucco. beyond startup betr blok, llc is beyond the start up stage. the betr blok prototype manufacturing system is operating and making blocks. but it makes blocks slowly   not fast enough to make betr blok a mainstream construction material. a small test home and other structures have been built, and a great number of tests have been performed. the results are in and it’s time to look at full commercialization. clue   we think we have this on our hands. click brain baffler 6 much of the lab work studying the basic properties of betr blok was done in the department of civil and environmental engineering at arizona state university. we know what we have to do to move betr blok into mass production and we know how to do it. the most serious challenge we have is raising money to automate the system. right now, all materials handling and equipment operation is done manually.that takes too much time to be commercially feasible. automating the system will significantly speed up production, cut operation costs and make it possible to save a great many more trees. automating will also get us to a point where the risk of our project is greatly minimized, which will attract outside investors. in the investment world, we are technically at the stage of development called “the valley of death” – between the proof of concept stage and commercial viability stage. the v of d is the point where a company has a proven product, but isn’t quite far enough along to attract significant investment. it is also where many projects meet their doom, but we won’t let that happen. clue   we won't let these slow us down. click brain baffler 7 who are we? so, who are “we” and what specifically will it take to automate? “we” are actually two entities – a non profit organization and its corporate spin off. we started as a non profit environmental research organization called the center for alternative building studies (cabs). cabs mission is to conduct research on alternative building materials which do not pollute or deplete the environment. here's a recent abc television interview about an earlier iteration of betr blok. betr blok home interiors are very organic, comfortable, quiet and energy efficient. clue   and these come with our homes. click brain baffler 8 the emergence of betr blok we began research on what emerged as betr blok in 2004. as a non profit, we were self supporting through corporate donations and government grants. in recent times, those sources of support have all but disappeared. so when betr blok began to show commercial feasibility it was spun off from cabs as betr blok, llc. now the idea is to commercialize betr blok so that it can support itself as well as provide on going support for other cabs projects. the automation project automating our system will involve some equipment modifications and the integration of computerized control and actuation components. we are cooperating with a design group representing various disciplines from the arizona state university polytechnic campus to conceptualize and design the betr blok automation system. we have previously worked with empire fabrication in mesa, arizona to modify equipment and systems and they will provide those services on this project as well. all of the assembly and testing will be done at cabs research facility in maricopa, arizona. the automation project begins with converting our 2000 gallon mega mixer from mechanical to hydraulic power, changing the electric motors on our materials transport augers to hydraulic motors and replacing the swinging door on our press with an automatic ejection system. then we have to add a short sliding conveyor belt and install all the sensors, actuators, and motors needed to run the automated system. lastly, we have to buy additional materials handling equipment. the betr blok process starts by mixing recycled paper with water and other materials (upper left). the tank is tilted and the mix spills into a hopper (upper right). an auger lifts the mix from the hopper to fill the press and make blocks (bottom). right now, all of our system's process steps, shown above, are done manually as follows: 1. the 2000 gallon mega mixer has to be filled, started, sped up or slowed down, tilted and drained manually. this is done by initializing, adjusting or changing various controls, pumps and valves, which takes a lot of running around and constant monitoring. automation will control all of these things automatically. 2. the materials transport augers have to be switched on sequentially and run until materials reach a desired level in a hopper. this is not only time consuming but subject to error. accurately controlling the speed of the augers with a computer and being able to operate and stop them simultaneously   and very quickly   will radically speed up the process. it also eliminates human monitoring and improves mix accuracy and consistency. 3. the swinging door on the press makes removing blocks a slow process. the press operator has to finish pressing a block, and then back off the piston so the door can be opened. he or she then has to go around in front of the press, open the press door   which weighs over 60 lbs   place a catch plate in front of the press opening and return to the hydraulic valve to eject the block onto the catch plate. after that, the block has to be manually removed from the plate, the plate has to be moved, and the door has to be closed before pressing the next block. the current un automated process is shown in this 1 min. video excerpt . 4. changing the swinging press door to an automated ejection system makes it possible to operate the door with hydraulic cylinders. the cylinders open the door with amazing speed so that the blocks can be ejected from the press automatically onto a block ejection platform. 5. then the press will run unattended. in fact, with full automation, the entire block making process will run unattended except for removing finished blocks from the conveyor belt and filling hoppers with materials. these things will only have to be done once or twice daily. automation costs here's how the money will be spent. help us automate! there’s a lot more details to automation, and you’re welcome to them   especially if you want to consider a sizable donation or proprietary stake in the company. in that case, we can send you our long form business plan. but i think you get the picture. we really do know where we’re going and how to get there. now we just need the fuel. we need your support to help us escape from the valley of death and get our system automated so that we can mainstream betr blok and significantly reduce the number of trees being used in construction. clue   with your support we won't have these. click brain baffler 9 future plans "blok to the future!!" clue   we've managed to avoid a lot of these. click brain baffler 10 the amount needed for "automating betr blok" is $90,000.00. if we are fortunate enough to exceed the amount we need for automation, we will apply the additional funds to the three following projects: 1.) if funded to 300k   certification by the international code council – evaluation service (icc es) it has already been verified that betr blok meets the structural requirements needed for homes, but icc es certification will be required to construct multi home developments throughout the nation and around the world. the icc es does technical evaluations of building materials. icc es evaluation reports are used to determine code compliance and enforce building regulations. manufacturers use reports as evidence that their products (and this is especially important if the products are new and innovative) meet code requirements. icc es evaluation reports are public documents, available free of charge on the worldwide web. they are used by building regulators, manufacturers, contractors, designers, architects, engineers, and anyone else with an interest in the building industry. all of these people look to icc es evaluation reports for evidence that products and systems are code compliant. clue  the above is true or a new place to live? click brain baffler 11 2.) if funded to 500k   construction of a full size, zero waste, energy plus model home the plans for a 5500 sq. ft. state of the art betr blok model home have already been conceptualized, designed, drawn and approved by building safety. this home will be larger than normal in order to accommodate all of the systems, equipment and appliances which need to be tested for use in future grand scale betr blok housing developments. the model will have everything needed to make it truly green and energy self sufficient. this includes photo voltaic solar power, gray & black water filtration systems, permaculture/composting, and rainwater catchment. all appliances and devices will have the highest energy efficient ratings and water saving features. this model will be thoroughly tested to insure its smooth integration into a betr blok home/community which will prioritize zero waste, energy plus strategies and true – not green washed   sustainable standards. 3.) if funded to 1.5m   building a scalable betr blok manufacturing facility the "automating betr blok" project will ensure the commercial viability of betr blok single press and mixer systems. these systems are trailer mounted and designed for small contractors and recycling facilities. systems producing ten or more blocks per cycle will be scalable and housed in fixed manufacturing facilities. these facilities will have sufficient production capabilities to supply national construction materials chain stores like ace, home depot and lowes. the betr blok team has already determined how these facilities should look and function. betr blok manufacturing facility design will be consistent with betr blok home design in that both are planned to be as energy efficient and environmentally friendly as possible. betr blok aspires to be more than just a business – it wants to be a significant advocate for the new philosophy of sustainability which will accrue to the benefit of future generations. thanks for your donation. clue   this doesn't really relate to anything. click brain baffler 12 photos of some of our rewards follow. "honorary blok hed" certificate the "i'm a blok hed" bumper sticker this betr bloklet keychain is cute and about as small as it looks. official "i'm a blok hed" & "certified blok hed" t shirt the incredible "i'm a blok hed" tumbler this baby blok was made from shredded irs tax returns. the quarter is what we had left at the end of the year. pet blok   it doesn't bark or eat much and it doesn't shed   but you buy the bed. risks and challenges betr blok testing and performance a two year study on the basic properties of betr blok was conducted at arizona state university before any structures were built. betr blok was shown to be safe, affordable and sustainable by research which was conducted to investigate those claims. phase one of the research covered the preparation and mixing of samples with detailed mix weights and measures for 49 compressive strength tests. photos of test setups are part of the research and the results of selected pull and creep tests were listed. the report also includes an “observations” section describing the test conditions and how the mixes react as far as shrinkage, set time and other variables. phase two included the scientific test data with detailed descriptive test procedures, photos of test equipment, and three appendices with over forty pages of graphs. tables in this section list the results of compressive strength, pull and creep tests. this 62 page document contains the most current scientific test information available about betr blok. after initial testing, it was necessary to find out how well betr blok would perform during construction and under actual living conditions. to investigate the performance of betr blok, an experimental structure called paper palace one was built. paper palace one required about two thousand blocks and one hundred roof panels to build. during construction, a data acquisition system (das) was installed. das sensors were built into the roof and walls to collect information on heat transfer, moisture penetration (breathability), and power consumption. das data was collected and analyzed for about four years. regular on site inspections were conducted and observations have been made to determine any changes in condition of the building over time. in eight years there has been no degradation, leaks or major changes of any kind. recently, a tempe, arizona structural engineering firm verified that betr blok exceeds the structural requirements for building single story homes. this was a key factor in local building safety approval. industry comparison betr blok llc is projected to exceed the profit margin of most companies in the block and brick manufacturing industry because betr blok is comparatively inexpensive, self insulating and load bearing. since the cost of block transportation limits the reasonable market area of any single betr blok production facility, it makes sense, at least initially, to sell franchises to other areas of the country. in a later stage of growth, the resources may be available to maintain a proprietary interest in production facilities set up in distant areas of the u.s. or even in other countries. industry standards data to support the above paragraph was taken from naics code 327331 – concrete block and brick manufacturing. it is the most recent information available based on 24 companies nationwide compiled by rma. the information was accessed on 10/18/2012. risks and challenges betr blok is not yet well known or accepted. building safety officials are largely unfamiliar with the material, and they often require a private civil or structural engineer, hired by the homeowner or builder, to “stamp” building plans so that building safety offices can approve them. stamping the plans means that the private engineer has determined that the building will be safe. most betr blok buildings are currently approved this way, which is code compliant but more costly for the home owner or builder. increasing numbers of engineers and architects are becoming interested in green building materials and the new business opportunities afforded by them. but many still know very little about green construction per se, and it’s sometimes difficult to find one who is willing to work with new materials like betr blok. to eliminate the need to find local structural engineers to stamp plans, betr blok must be nationally certified by the icc es (international codes committee – evaluation service) or ul (united laboratories). these organizations evaluate building products, components, methods and materials for compliance with codes. the evaluation process culminates with the issuance of reports on code compliance, which are made available free of charge to building safety officials, contractors, estimators, architects, engineers, and anyone else with an interest in the building industry and construction. this report provides building safety offices with the information they need to approve betr blok without the need to involve an outside engineer. since the basic properties of betr blok have already been tested by arizona state university, our cooperating engineering firm feels that there is more than a good chance that icc es testing will proceed smoothly. while all of the above information is accurate, there has been a recent major breakthrough in betr blok approval and acceptance. it has been determined by a prestigious engineering firm that betr blok meets, actually exceeds, the structural specifications for reinforced masonry. this means that single story homes can be built with betr blok following the standard methods for building masonry walls with little or no additional cost. to minimize any potential issues with mechanical, electronic or computerized systems, betr blok will work with empire precision machining in mesa, arizona – a caterpillar affiliate. empire is one of the most respected mechanical engineering firms in the country. this group has the background and experience to make the betr blok process fast enough to be profitable. continuing availability of cellulose sources the electronic world hasn’t led to a significant reduction in paper consumption. in fact, in 2012 (the most recent year for which figures are available), the u.s. was using more paper than in 1980. paper use has increased over the last 25 years, with a small drop occurring in the last 6 years. the reasons for this decline have not been analyzed, but we can speculate that it results from a combination of trends that may include more purely electronic communications and transactions as well as less newspaper readership. there are also new efficiency measures by many large corporations   like walmart, hewlett packard, and bank of america   to reduce their packaging and paper use for both economic and environmental reasons. a ten block betr blok facility running one shift per day requires 113 tons of cellulose per month or 1,356 tons per year. running three shifts (24hrs. per day) would require about 4,068 tons per year. just one of the materials recycling facilities in the phoenix area recycles about 50,000 tons of paper per year. so there will never be a shortage of paper for betr blok. if paper ever does begin to diminish in supply, there are other large sources of cellulose such as forestry by products, agricultural and construction waste, out of spec paper manufacturing waste and paper mill sludge. a small amount of this material is being used now but a great deal more of it is available as a relatively inexpensive source of raw material to make betr blok. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 