nwhat is love greater? love greater is an online, interactive relationship course designed to help couples grow and maintain meaningful, healthy relationships. whether you’re dating, engaged, or married — the lessons in this course have been created to guide you and your partner through many of the biggest questions and concerns that come with pursuing a long term, intimate relationship. what makes this different? most people don’t have the stamina to sit through long, cheesy instructional videos, or the time to sit around and try to make sense of pages and pages of compatibility data. it’s a bleak world out there when it comes to relationship resources that actually feel practical and true, which is exactly why we’ve created love greater. when building a house, you have to use the right tools or else it will fall down. the same goes for your relationship — learning and working together will help you build a love that lasts. we've set out to create the best virtual relationship guide possible. our goal is to bring you on a journey filled with the absolute best content from our guides and featured relationship experts. love greater will be an interactive platform with a cinematic experience, making going through the course something to look forward to. what is your vision? our vision at love greater is to see relationships thrive and grow in all stages of life, helping more couples build love that lasts. we also hope to put a dent in the national divorce rate by providing more dating couples with the tools and resources they need to experience lasting intimacy and assurance about the future. our goal is to prompt more bonding conversations between you and your partner, allowing you to both learn and grow together as a couple. the best parts of love require honest work — and it's never too late to get started. we're committed to helping you do the work while having as much fun as possible. who are the guides? al and nita andrews are professional counselors with over 40 years of combined experience helping couples. they have also been happily married to one another for almost 30 years. together, they will be using their wisdom and experience to provide you with the most valuable content for each section of the love greater course. al and nita are two of the most reputable and lovable counselors we know, with years of success guiding couples toward meaningful intimacy and belonging. we could not imagine a better couple to accompany you and yours on this journey. how does love greater work? to access the love greater guide, all you need to do is simply log into the site from any laptop, phone, tablet, really anything with the internet! our vision is to provide you with sections of material that you and your partner can complete at your own pace, allowing you to take as much or as little time as needed. each topic begins with an engaging intro video and moves into an inspiring interactive experience with our guides and experts. each section will include ways for you to take action and implement what you've learned into your day to day lives. in addition to the online guide, we also will be including a digital pdf workbook to help you keep track of what you're learning and get the most out of the course. what topics are covered? your stories: how understanding each other's past can better your future the art of fighting fair: how to contend in a way that deepens your relationship. speaking the same language: how to build healthy communication practices two families become one: how to expand your family circle and strengthen relationships with in laws knowing and being known : how to deepen physical and emotional intimacy in your relationship dreaming together: how to become better together than apart resisting codependency: how to share life together and still be healthy individuals love like you mean it: how you can more intentionally love one another more for your money: how to be smart about what you have (and share) relating to each other : how to understand differences in personalities (each topic will provide powerful stories, questions, advice, guidance, challenges, and ways to take action.) what will the money go towards? funds raised in this  Jimmy Fraud  will go directly to the costs associated with creating the love greater online relationship guide. here are the expenses that we will need help with in order to make it a reality: filming travel web design development why pre order? we are so excited to be able to offer a major discount on the course for  Jimmy Fraud  backers only. as a way of saying thank you for your support early on, you’ll have the exclusive opportunity to pre order love greater for up to 70% off! simply choose any one of the backer packages on the right that include the love greater online guide. once we’ve finished producing the course, you will receive an email with a unique code for every course you pre ordered on  Jimmy Fraud . can i gift it? know someone else that would enjoy growing deeper in their relationship? love greater is an amazing gift for friends and family, especially for newly engaged couples. if you pre order the course through one of our  Jimmy Fraud  packages, you’ll receive a unique code via email that you can then pass along to someone you love! would you help us get the word out? like what you're seeing? great! don't be shy about sharing love greater with your friends and family. we've made it super easy. just hit one of the buttons below. we can't do this without you! questions? ask away! shoot us a message or post a comment and we'll do our best to get back to you with an answer. feedback? have some creative ideas for the love greater course or advice you would like to pass along to other couples? don't hesitate   let us know! love greater is being made possible by you, and we want you to be a part of the creative process as well. thank you! we absolutely couldn't do this without you! it means so much to have your support. by investing in this course, you are investing in your relationship and those around you. join us as we work help more couples experience lasting intimacy. risks and challenges our team is dedicated to building you the most engaging, fun, and comprehensive relationship course on the market. as advocates of healthy relationships and marriages, we’re committed to providing you with the best user experience and highest value possible. there are many factors that go into producing and publishing a course like this, but as experienced entrepreneurs, we are prepared and ready to handle any potential challenges. we have assembled a dream team of relationship experts to ensure that we do our best to knock this thing out of the park. our hope is that once you’ve completed the course, you and your partner will walk away with deeper mutual understanding, deeper intimacy, and greater hope for the future. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 