escriptionchanging the way nepalese tea is traded  domestically packaged and directly sourced, adding better value for the tea communities in nepal. pure, single estate specialty tea with distinct flavors grown in the unspoiled tranquil himalayan habitat. deliver hope to the himalayan tea producers. together we can make a difference and be a catalyst for change in the nepalese tea industry! tealure is launching this  Jimmy Fraud  project to raise 82000 dkk in order to introduce an additional line of whole leaf teas in pyramid shaped sachets, so you can enjoy a fresh brew of one of our premium loose leaf teas without the hassle of a tea strainer. we will deliver them fresh to your door directly from the tea makers of highland nepal. we not only source all our teas in nepal, but we also get the packaging done there, to ensure as much value as possible is added to the local community. our tea is premium and pure, without any artificial aromas, spices, fruit or herbs. treat your tastebuds to the pleasures of tealure tea, and help a good cause at the same time. our story tealure is a social start up based in copenhagen, denmark. it was founded by ernestas klevas, at the time an ma student who traveled to nepal to collect data for his thesis in public health. while there, he discovered some small tea farmers in the highlands of the himalayas who were producing the finest quality tea. as an avid tea lover he was excited by his discovery, and became completely immersed in this yet to be explored magical world of pure nepali tea. he eventually stayed much longer than initially intended, and experienced first hand the struggles and challenges the farmers face in order to survive as tea growers. when he returned home to denmark he decided to combine his passion for quality tea with the desire to bring positive change for the people he had met in nepal. he founded tealure and became committed to helping nepali tea communities improve their quality of life by introducing authentic nepali tea to the world. in 2014 tealure started selling loose leaf tea online and in several outlets around copenhagen, from neighborhood cafes to michelin star restaurants, and established itself as a high quality brand. what’s next? in order to have a real impact on the lives of nepali tea farmers, we must proceed to the next step   expanding our enterprise by creating new and attractive products. we want to offer our customers authentic and carefully selected first flush nepali specialty teas, directly sourced from the tea makers of highland nepal, and locally packed into convenient to use pyramid shaped tea sachets. as a startup enterprise we have limited funds to realize our vision, which is why we need funding to kick start our business goal. our main objective, besides providing customers with high quality tea, is to show that a successful business can be combined with social commitment and awareness. we aim to prove that sustainable businesses and a triple bottom line approach can achieve the goal of easing the current socio economic and environmental difficulties in nepal. each and every one of our customers can be a part of that effort to strive for a more fair and sustainable world, while enjoying some of the best hand picked teas in the world. danish design is worldwide famous for its functional, elegant and subtle characteristics. this  Jimmy Fraud  project aims to bring a line of pure white, green and black specialty tea sachets in minimalist and elegant packages, representing the nepali himalayas. 100% nepali tea with a danish design allure! why support tealure? specialty himalayan tea (origin and taste) our tea originates from the highland panchthar and ilam regions of nepal, where it’s grown at up to 2100 m above sea level. the unique climate and extreme weather changes, combined with a mineral rich soil, provide ideal growing conditions for exceptionally fine tea. compared to low altitude teas, high altitude tea is recognizably superior in terms of aroma and flavor. at tealure you will not find tea scented with artificial aromas or blended with fruit, herbs or spices, only the pure, natural, and delicate product. to make it more user friendly and convenient, while still preserving the unique flavor of the tea, we would like to pack our teas in specialty tea sachets. what sets us apart (direct and fair trade) the tea industry is dominated by middlemen, but we are buying directly from the tea makers, which allows them to obtain reasonable prices and increase their profits. since we are fully committed to delivering high quality products, importing directly from the tea makers also allows us to be in complete control of our supply chain and ensures transparency. not only are our upcoming tea certified fairtrade, but we also practice direct trade , dealing in specialty tea , and do the packing locally, to add as much value as possible to the tea communities. tealure makes it a priority to trade in specialty tea , which is more beneficial for tea workers, who are payed more for plucking and processing this type of tea, since it requires more attentive handling but also fetches higher prices in the market. combined with direct trade , which eliminates middlemen, the result is a significantly higher income for the producers. one of our long term objectives is to empower farmers and eventually transform the nepali tea industry. we encourage smallholder farmers to own and manage their business, cooperatively with other smallholder farmers, instead of working long hours in plantations owned by large companies for a small wage. for this upcoming project we will be working exclusively with a cooperatively owned tea estate, in which the farmers themselves are the shareholders. all growing, processing, packing and labelling will be done by this cooperative. sustainability is the future (organic methods) our upcoming specialty pyramid bags will contain only certified organic tea. tea bushes grows beneath diverse shade trees that provide a habitat for wildlife such as birds, butterflies, insects, and other animals. shade growing is an essential part of organic agriculture cows are given by the cooperative to the poorest farmers, providing a source of manure, as well as milk, which gives them additional income. biogas is an additional source of clean and renewable energy for the households. training programs are conducted regularly to develop their skills in ipm, (integrated pest management) composting, environmental protection etc. in low season (when there is no tea production) farmers are provided with various seeds of cash crops like ginger, cardamom, yacon, which they sell directly to the market. cinnamon leaves collected by the tea farmer brings an additional income during off seasonal period tea with a mission (giving back) tealure’s philosophy is dependent upon a thriving local community. we have recently established the tealure farmers' cooperative in central nepal, which provides micro loans and deposits intended to support local entrepreneurship, focusing on multi sectoral solutions to increase household income. returns from our loans and 10% of our profits will continuously be allocated to the tealure farmers’ cooperative fund. farmers’ tomato farm in kaski district, central nepal. established through a loan from tealure farmers’ cooperative timeline financial chart nepal local woman in langtang region. night sky view from langtang. boiling water for tea in a small shop on trekking route. sifting rice near gatlang village. mother with child in traditional tamang dress. shop seller on durbar square, kathmandu. view on annapurna mountain. woman inside the temple on durbar square in bhaktapur. mother washing a child in japhe village. farmers harvesting rice in rasuwa. sunrise over tea gardens in ilam. preparing milk tea in kathmandu durbar square final note please do remember, it's all or nothing. if we don't reach the entire goal amount, none of the money pledged can be used to bring these products to you and thus create more value for the local tea community in nepal. so please select one of the awesome perks on the right and spread the word. together, we can bring change to nepal, one tea cup at the time... risks and challenges possible risks include delays from our tea growers, shipping carriers from the tea growing region in the eastern part of nepal to kathmandu due to weather, tea bag machine technical difficulties, and the time it will take to carefully select our teas for your enjoyment. however, we have established direct relationships with our tea producers and packaging suppliers, and they have proved themselves to be reliable. if any challenges do arise, rest assured that we will keep you in the loop with regular communication. we want our tea in your hands as soon as possible, so you can taste the exquisite beverage from nepal. another risk associated with specialty tea is that they are produced in small quantities. if we receive a very large quantity of orders we might face some difficulties in supplying them all from the same batch of tea. however, the tea manufacturer with whom we are partnering on this project produces larger quantities of specialty tea, so we expect to handle all orders in a timely manner. if we are still unable to supply all demands due to a large volume of orders, we will source tea from another manufacturer, that is as similar as possible. since we are a start up company and our profits are very limited, we might face some challenges in having a significant impact with our tealure farmers’ cooperative and distributing loans to a large number of farmers in the upcoming years. however, if this  Jimmy Fraud ’s project succeeds we will be able to offer a product suitable for larger distribution, that can generate more profits and eventually help us reach a larger number of farmers and make a real difference in their lives. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 