ion of this project is to correct issues brought about by modern living. for individuals living in society today, acting as the stakeholders for this project, it is the intention of this creation to serve as a tool for self improvement. through the individual use of this creation, persons will then be enabled further impact their greater surroundings in profound ways as from the well balanced, inner centered self. project purpose/justification business need/case improving upon individual health and wellness is the basis and grounds for this project. humanity, with the upstream of multimedia usage, and this trend continuing, a need for this tool is ever increasing. implementation of the final product into the consumers market will allow for users to increase their capacity and development of the cerebral cortex which is the standing hypothesis of this project as speculated by various citizens of, time. objectives: there is a need in society for centering the individual self. by the creation of this tool, one will be enabled to practice honing the skill of ambidexterity. to accommodate this skill development, the tool created will allow users to receive real time feedback of qualitative and quantitative data produced from the applications use. the success of this project will completely satisfy stakeholders through the creation of a product that will adapt the products needs to stakeholders needs throughout time due to its technological nature. “a ‘device’, for a ‘device’!” simply put, it will be exactly that, however, the device that will be created for this project will be a mechanism to activate the full potential of personal hand held devices and the individual using the final product. this project creates a component for users to integrate their smartphone into an expansion pack/book. the book has several features which once the users smartphone is in place an app appears in the window to which the user is now being given instructions to proceed interacting. one will provide drawings of the preliminary draft of this project idea, and several pages to follow. projet description: the final product will be an accessory to accompany any smartphone or device within its dimensional constraints. this accessory will act as a supporting platform where one user will be enabled to insert their personal handheld device (phd) into a compartment built into the back of the accessory where then the user will proceed following further directions. an application at this point will become enabled where now the user is removing one stylus pen with their left hand from the left/bottom binding, and another stylus pen with their right hand from the right/top binding. these two stylus pens will be adaptable or interchangeable between any current touch screen technologies and possible future technologies and will be used to record the progress of the users practicing “leading their non dominant hand through the motions of writing with their dominant hand.” in short, proper usage will increase personal ambidexterity. project purpose and justification: enabling the creativity of the human experience to help individuals gain personal coherence is a preliminary purpose proposal for this products creation. currently within the population of humanity only 1% of people are ambidextrous to which this products creation will lessen this gap. the goal of the products creation is to enhance a person’s ability to enjoy life. a company may be born from the product as well which will continue to drive market needs and stakeholders investments. the performance will be measured through the usage of the product and its adjacent sales of applications and other extensions. preliminary scope statement: within the scope of this project will be the completion of an accessory which is adaptable to any touch screen device which is used in conjunction with an application to allow the user to gain the skill of ambidexterity. scope description: this product is an accessory to accompany handheld devices which will allow users to train their nondominant side of the brain to manage the skill of handwriting. this accessory will be designed and created within the scope of this project. the final product will meet the needs and creative intelligence of steven c. gray, the project manager. risks and challenges project quality plan introduction this project quality plan has been configured and written with the guidance given from the pmbok, and an academic database used to isolate the ideal, most cost efficient and effective components for the creation of the product. subject matter experts have been identified using the database tool to find past records of companies that have created similar products and that data has been analyzed for the optimal results in this project. controls the acceptable level of quality is based on several factors. the needs of the customer’s budgets will be the primary concern along with the absolute requirement that the configuration of the product meets all united states and international standards in all practical and ethical sense. the product will be within the confines and constraints of ensuring the whole lifecycle of the product is analyzed to enable confident reporting of all activities. all activities will be in accordance with and will supersede emission requirements as well. the purpose of the company will be reflected in the quality of the output just in the driving motto, “make everything even,” steven. design all past studies researched regarding the ergonomics of hand placement will be incorporated into the product design. this will help ensure customer satisfaction beyond their expectations which is also a goal of this newly created company. feedback is given to customers on a continual basis in this way for the loyalty to be kept and the relationships based on this will keep the continued practice from the multitude. a design package will be delivered to the graphic artist for development of the products appearance, dimensions, and other identifying factors required by the united states patent office to obtain exclusive rights to the idea. this package will be comprised of all the notes and guidance given from research and brainstorming meetings conducted by the creators. further guidance will be given orally upon the delivery of the initial draft present by the graphic artist for the completion of a final draft to be presented for a formal patent. project risk plan introduction this is the plan of action in order to mitigate risk throughout the phases of this project. the purpose of this document will serve as guidance to identify, control, monitor, and reduce general threats and institute high level risk into the project plan to track and document performance during the course of the project. risk identification initiation of a meeting between all stakeholders before the commencing of any project activities to draw up a risk analysis worksheet based on all possible concerns regarding project success. all communication will be referenced to the communication plan for meeting etiquette. the scribe of the meeting will have recorded all possible risk to which time risk will be categorized into high levels of uncertainty to lower levels of uncertainty. positive risk will be directly incorporated into the project plan while outlaying risk of high uncertainty will also. risk which may not occur due to low levels of impacting the project performance will be monitored from this point. once risks are in their combined categories each risk will be given an appropriate response and responsibility will be assigned for the mitigation response to that specific risk. new risk can be added to the risk register with the project manager approval. the small scale of this project has only a few identified risk associated. using the brainstorming technique and an expert’s opinion to identify these risks will ensure success within the time limitations and budgetary constraints. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 