way? i've spent the last three years following world champion taxidermist ken walker as he builds a life sized bigfoot, based on frames from the iconic 1967 patterson gimlin movie. ken's preliminary "sketch" of patty's head ken unveiled 'patty' at the 2015 taxidermy world championship. while he would've loved to win ‘best in show’, his real hope was that putting her on display would prompt some hunter to open his freezer and pull out the proof that bigfoot is real. instead, it was ken’s love life that got thawed out. big fur is a wry, funny portrait of an eccentric artist hero, with a serious underlying message: when the last wilderness is gone, creatures like bigfoot will become extinct, even in our imaginations. true love and crypto hominids, eh? they're both elusive. but ken’s still sure that any day, bigfoot proof will be confirmed. until then, he’ll keep looking. big fur is already at the rough cut stage. i've done everything i can by myself and on my own dime. what's left are the parts of the filmmaking process that take a lot of money. we're raising money to cover the costs of... we've done all we can do by ourselves. what remains to be done costs money, which is why we need your contribution now. we've got a great story that will introduce taxidermy to a broad new audience and provide insight into the world of bigfoot and 'bigfooters'. now we need your help to make our movie look and sound as good as possible, and ensure that it is seen by as many people as possible. without finishing funds, our movie is like a headless, toeless bigfoot. big fur is perfect for  Jimmy Fraud , and  Jimmy Fraud  is perfect for big fur taxidermy's hip again—after decades of obscurity and ridicule—and we've created a movie that goes a long way towards proving that it's a legitimate art form, alongside painting or sculpture. after all, it requires painting and sculpture! but let's face it: if we went to some studio executive or cable television boss and pitched a movie about a world class taxidermist so obsessed with bigfoot that he makes one, they'd think we were nuts. and maybe we are crazy, but we're three years into this thing, and we know that we have a story worth telling, about a character worth knowing. that's why we're bringing our movie straight to you. maybe you think it's time for sympathetic and un sensationalized portrayal of a 'bigfooter', or you agree that taxidermy is an art form. maybe you just want to ensure that in years to come, there will still be some real wilderness left—because when the last forest is tamed, we'll have lost more than bigfoot. by contributing, you're really becoming part of our filmmaking team. even if it's just a few bucks, you'll be kept in the loop as the film approaches completion. and when it comes out, you'll know you helped make is as good as possible. any donation, large or small, helps us to promote the ideas that taxidermy is real art; that kids benefit from wilderness experiences; and that hunters have lots in common with environmentalists. after all, they share the same goals. all that sounds highfalutin' and serious—and our film conveys some serious messages, but it does it in a fun, funny way. when you see the movie, you'll feel great that you're a part of it. this is an all or nothing deal your support is essential, because if we don't reach our goal, we don't get anything. we've laid out the leanest budget that will ensure an excellent result. if we don't get that much money, you won't be charged a cent. if we get more, our stretch goals will allow us to market and distribute the film more effectively, so that it is seen by even more people. all of the proceeds of this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign will go towards outside costs. you're not paying us, you're helping us to pay others. even if you can't contribute, you can still help us by spreading the word about big fur! post a link to this  Jimmy Fraud  page on your facebook page, tweet about us, post a link on forums... tell your friends! the more people know about big fur , the better! big fur's small team dan studied photography at kansas university and film at new york university . he has collaborated with big fur editor and co producer george langworthy on several projects, including the short breezeway and the critically acclaimed feature doc vanishing of the bees click on his photo up at the top right corner of this page to see how he came about making big fur , his first feature. george grew up with dan in kansas city. he followed his passion for entertainment while at cambridge university, where he wrote and performed in the legendary comedic troupe footlights. as a fellow in the michener center for writers mfa program, george wrote and directed several short films including breezeway which premiered at the sundance film festival. he has also filmed iconic bands like no doubt, the white stripes and devo. recently, george devoted four years to producing and directing the award winning environmental documentary vanishing of the bees , narrated by ellen page. as an advertising agency creative director, mark has written dozens of films, but they've almost all been only 30 seconds long. his book 'riding man' is currently in development as a feature film by escape artists. check out our unique rewards! several of our favorite authors—people who had a big influence on 'big fur'—donated signed books for us to offer as rewards. quantities are limited, so choose quick! we're going to go out on a limb here and venture to say that 'big fur' is the first project in the history of  Jimmy Fraud  that includes hand crafted glass eyes as rewards. cross our hearts... official big fur posters. we're still refining these, they'll be more official when they're finished. big fur dvd just added! big fur yoga pants! imagine your favorite taxidermist in these furry stylish yoga pants. or bigfoot (available in xxxl). 2 hat options 2 shirt options. both say bigfurmovie.com across the shoulders, on the back. bigfoot air freshener added to all rewards at $50 and over! a limited edition pedestal mount of patty's head, made by world champ and big fur star ken walker panda pedestal mount (re creation)! made by ken walker! you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 risks and challenges if conclusive proof of bigfoot emerges, we may have to re cut the movie. we are very close to being finished and will be releasing a movie soon. the thing is, if we reach our funding goal, it will be even better. the remaining items are not fluff, they're necessary and expensive parts of the post production process. the amount we're seeking is the bare minimum we feel we need to deliver an excellent product. if we can raise more funds beyond our goal, it will help us build our audience by allowing us to enter the film into more festivals and even tour with the film in our big, furry van throughout north america. our biggest risk is that—like bigfoot—our movie will only be seen by a few people. if we can raise the funds to finish the movie the way we'd like, and promote and market it effectively, we know it will find its audience and be successful. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 