scriptionrebirth garments are gender non conforming wearables and accessories for people on the full spectrum of gender, size, and ability. photo by: kiam marcelo junio every piece is sewn or made by hand, and all are custom designed and tailored to your exact specifications with no standard sizes. we are focused on the needs of the trans* and genderqueer communities and making designs to accommodate people with disabilities. these communities have very particular clothing needs that are not adequately served by mainstream clothing designers. we are an established company with a strong following on etsy and would like to use this  Jimmy Fraud  to expand our brand and the scope of our business. please watch our video to hear from creator sky cubacub and numerous rebirth garments collaborators and models about the project. captions are available via the cc button in the top right corner of the video. flash warning: flashing colors are in this video from 0:20 0:23. image description: interviews with rebirth garments creator sky cubacub and their collaborators, interspersed with footage of rebirth garments' fashion shows, where folks of many different sizes, abilities, racial identities, and genders dance together, sporting bright, multi patterned custom made outfits and makeup. the super colorful, glittery fashion show scenes are choreographed like a giant dance party, with models dancing in circles, exchanging hugs, and celebrating visibility, in a way that reflects the energy and fluidity of the fashion line's aesthetic. rebirth garments show at queer fashion week 2016 subsidized gender affirming garments for youth a fund for accessible garments for people in need prototypes for more accessible outfits for people with disabilities the development of the radical visibility zine a collaborator to assist with patterning, garment construction, and sewing a collaborator to arrange performances and schedules, manage graphic design, web development, photography, video production and social media an industrial serger sewing machine a desktop computer for video, music, photography, and graphics editing an accessible bathroom for the rebirth garments studio see the listings on the right for full details! handkerchief designs! design by nina litoff; drawings by sky cubacub design by nina litoff; drawings by sky cubacub photo by: kiam marcelo junio "i first dreamed of this collection when i was in high school and couldn’t find a place where i could buy a binder as a person who was under 18, so i’m especially interested in rebirth garments being accessible to queer/crip youth. currently, i’m working on a program for making free/low cost gender affirming undergarments for people in need. i would like to organize a fund to make my garments more accessible to trans* and disabled folks globally. i have an interest in making invisible disability visible. i live with a chronic stomach disorder and panic and anxiety disorders that are not immediately apparent to everyone. the gift of being self employed allows me to make adjustments in my working schedule to accommodate my physical needs, and i want my business to be accommodating to the physical and mental health needs of my collaborators. i am striving to build a community that i hope will become common practice worldwide." our goal is to create a community where all people can confidently express their individuality and identity. identity is a central part of everyone’s lives and is a key part of how people feel and express themselves. rebirth garments wants people to feel comfortable and empowered in their bodies. we revolt against mainstream fashion that reinforces gender roles and body shaming. rebirth garments have the power to give you the confidence and strength to feel comfortable in your first skin. design by sky cubacub; digital drawing by nina litoff we maintain the notion of radical visibility, a movement based on claiming our bodies and, through the use of bright colors, exuberant fabrics, and innovative designs, highlighting the parts of us that society typically shuns. through radical visibility, we refuse to assimilate and can create a queercrip dress reform movement. photo by: ji yang our identity is that of queercrip, a politicized umbrella term that encompasses queer, gender nonconforming identities, and visible and invisible disabilities/disorders—physical, mental, developmental, emotional ect. much like you can “come out” as queer, you can also “come out” as crip. even if you have an obvious/visible disability, you may not identify as crip, just like gay or lesbian people may not identify as queer. to show the full range and movement of rebirth garments we dance. dancing unabashedly flaunts the freedom and movement rebirth garments gives and highlights how every body moves in it’s own unique way. our models are often artistic collaborators, political activists, and people identifying on various spectrums of queerness and ability. rebirth garments chooses models with as diverse and varied bodies and identities as possible, and we want to encourage the same for others in the fashion industry. the radical visibility zine is an online magazine for queercrip teens to provide guidance and mentoring. queercrip teens will be contributors to the magazine, helping to tell coming of age stories, give tips and share struggles. the first issue will be created and printed in a limited run just for  Jimmy Fraud  backers! photo by: grace duval risks and challenges everything is handmade either by sky or by a small number of collaborators, so if we are inundated with orders it may take longer than expected to fill all of them. however, rebirth garments is an established business and our clothing is already in production so there are no manufacturing costs or delays anticipated. fabric styles and colors may become unavailable from our supplier and so might change the desired look of some garments. due to scheduling conflicts, performances may not be available when requested. please plan as far in advance as possible! custom sizing may not be correct if our team is not provided with accurate measurements and descriptions of desired fit. please be as thorough as possible with all fit instructions. no returns or exchanges are available. international orders could face delays due to unforeseen holdups with customs or shipping. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 