ss, surreal drama about the convergence of biological, technological and spiritual evolution. it is an elegant and poetic film that involves two main characters; a researcher (herald kydak) and a subject (8477447), both of whom are trying to discover who they really are as they attempt to access a newly discovered space. as they learn about their true selves, we discover the true nature of humanity. from this main spine of the story grow vignettes that reveal the true scope of gyrus . i don’t want to give too much away because there are huge things happening in gyrus , trust me! i’m hoping that as you watch the relationship of these people unfold, you might see some of yourselves in them, as well. maybe you'll even see some of yourselves in each other . please be sure to scroll down and check out the cool rewards! there are lots of goodies, including a chance to get your image and voice in the film! how awesome is that?! please watch the full gyrus preview, below. while i am not a visual effects artist, the preview provides a limited yet enticing glimpse into the mysterious portals that are opened in gyrus . there is so much more i want to show you, and the only way to truly explore this new world is to get the film made! "you can be afraid of god until you get the knowledge of god, and then you're not afraid of him anymore." is this a welcome to those who would trust god, or a warning to those who fancy themselves god's equal? f.e.r.a.l. designate 8477447 characters inhabit a recognizable world in the early 2020s. as they learn more about a newly discovered space they learn more about themselves, as well. nephillus hyalus gyrus is, in many ways, a film of subtlety. i won’t be hitting you over the head with giant monsters crushing cities and clear cut good guys and bad guys, at least not in this film. i hope that gyrus will open doors to larger, even more insane things happening but i have to do this film first. vyrys corp id badge. please contact www.vyrys.com if found. the film will not be explaining or justifying everything as you would expect with a lot of typical mainstream film. i am treating you not simply as a customer but as a witness of a significant event. your interpretation will say more about you than it does about me. i’m just the one opening the door and i hope you find that intriguing. sdz (subject disposal zone) the aesthetic language of the film, both visually and aurally, will evolve as motivated by the story. for example the relationship between different characters is reflected in their leitmotifs, while changes in color, tone, aspect ratio, motion, editing, sound and depth in composition reflect evolution itself. aesthetics evolve, reflecting the evolution the characters, the film and the revelations therein. gyrus is inspired, in part, by neorealist and contemplative cinema, but imagined with modern production techniques. the use of disparate yet complimentary elements to create a cohesive whole, what i call film design, will enable a contrasting juxtaposition of energy and emotion, and gyrus will grow to feel like an experience beyond the mere juxtaposition of images. beginning and playing as a film typically would, it will eventually evolve into a living phantasmagoria of vision, sound and revelation, a gleaming, surreal fantasia from an unknown reality. people complain about seeing the same thing over and over, which i understand. gyrus is an opportunity to make something different, something special, to make cinema that is compelling based on the evolution of energy rather than simply following the same characters around the same plot. i'm hoping that our civilization still has an audience for the type of film that gyrus can be. vyrys corp technician preparing subject for projection attempt into the shadotecture as stated, gyrus is a drama, not an action movie. having said that, you will experience sublime, intense moments. you will see things that are simultaneously beautiful and terrifying, as is humanity. i am going to show you a world that is familiar yet undeniably unexpected. it might sound like a bold statement, but i can tell you right now that you will see things in gyrus that no human has ever before witnessed, at least not to my knowledge. i am not claiming absolute originality, however the juxtaposition of energy and form in gyrus is not something i’ve seen or heard of elsewhere. gyrus anomoly reflection in pool regarding this, it is important that you know something about me. i am challenging but not subversive. when you see particular things in this film, know that they serve a specific motivation for the themes and are not meant to be offensive. controversial? perhaps. intentionally offensive? no. having said that, i can’t control your reaction to gyrus . that’s really a big part of who i am. i don’t like it when filmmakers lecture me, so i won’t do that to you. instead of telling you what to think, i’ll give you something about which to think. you draw your own conclusions, which is, itself, one of the main themes of the film. why does this film need to be made? this is really the most important part and there are many reasons why this film should be made. i’ve been thinking about and working on this for many years, since the 1990s. ever since i was a little kid i’ve had a projector playing in my head, 24/7, streaming inexplicable imagery, as if some empyreal flow of energy from the universe is going through me. it’s always there, and when i sleep i dream it. all the images you see in the concept art and all the ideas i have just come to me. this is the raw material for the film. essentially i figured out how to use this crazy energy that flows through me for something positive for everyone. shadotecture flora i believe that the human species does not know what it is. other animals do not, as we do, learn through generations since their origin. we can observe that our species is on a path, but to where? we have beliefs by which we live but it never occurs to us to carve our own spiritual path. we have many goals as individuals and as nations but we don’t have a universal goal as a species and i believe that is because we don’t actually know who we are. we are not self aware as a species. the aethrabyss, a limbo for souls (hopefully) in transit our mythology is based on the idea that we are part of a system over which we have no control, when in truth we define reality by defining ourselves. our thoughts, actions, failures and judgments indicate what humanity is, while redemption keeps the possibility of defining ourselves open. i see people focusing on what their differences are rather than what they have in common and that’s the source of endless negativity, mistrust, fear and hate. vyrys gogibot this negativity was actually the original inspiration for this film. it was the seed that made me say, “i must do this.” you are part of something that is vastly, incomprehensibly larger than you, but you also have more control over that than you can possibly imagine. i want to show you that. infraviolet radiation scan what about the ‘why’ for you? people are tired of being lectured by filmmakers with an ax to grind. people are tired of watching the same stuff over and over and people are tired of paying to see mediocre product that costs obscene amounts of money to make, that does not offer much substance and that drags our culture into the sewers. as you know, the film industry can be very political and if your project doesn't have the right spots at the right time then you can’t frolic in the jungle. that’s a big part of the problem of content. you have to compromise the product and who you are in order to appease the machine, and even beyond that there's a good chance you're manufacturing data driven content for the lowest common denominator. that’s bad for culture, bad for artists and bad for you, the consumer. dna from vyrys corp study, www.vyrys.com we don’t have to deal with that. we can do our own thing! here, with gyrus , you get to enable something that is not compromised by these various nefarious antigregarious influences. in bypassing these problems, you are literally enabling the addition of an uncorrupted artistic vision into our global culture. that’s an amazing opportunity! this is independent filmmaking in its purest form and it really could be the beginning of a revolution. not only that but, by supporting gyrus , you are enabling me to help others. my leadership philosophy is to create three layers of benefit: it helps the audience, it helps the team and it helps me. everybody wins. it’s a benefit to make this film! the empyrean in order for this to happen, i need to be able to get the right people on the right page, and i can’t do that without you. which brings us to the big question: why would you trust me to write, direct and produce this picture? first, please take a look at my full bio link at the top of the page. all of my creative experience is going into this project. second, i’m doing this for you. when i was producing music i learned that it’s not enough to be an artist for selfish reasons, but that i need to wed what i love with what others need. that’s why i am making huge sacrifices in life to make this happen for others. third , i am treating you as a witness. unfortunately many filmmakers have contempt for their audiences. i am not like that; i believe that the audience deserves respect and can handle slightly abstract representations of themes without having their hands held. i respect you. fourth, i am aware of my own ignorance. i know that the same ego that enables me to do this must be put aside in order to listen to and employ different perspectives. i already work that way so you don’t need to worry about hubris hurting the film. i will hire those who have more experience in given areas than i do. also, i don’t think that this movie will be as bad as the first music i made in middle school, either (please see bio). fifth, i deliver. i have completed everything i have said i would do. i am trustworthy. i said i would do all of the following: design a role playing game, graffiti my girl’s name on the back of a bus stop in hawaii, get signed and release many records, become a graphic designer, complete my degree, write a self help book, write and illustrate a children’s book and many other things. i delivered on every one. remember the x acto knife incident from my bio? that’s dedication. i understand why people are hesitant to back projects and that’s why i hope that my experience, my motivation and my vision will convince you. lastly, this is not just about a single film. i have created the foundation of an entire universe for future stories and games, as i did when i was a kid. i have always been fascinated with exploring other spaces, be it via role playing games, watching the original tron nearly 300 times, star trek, video games and even with musically exploring spaces. i looked out at the world and decided that this universe would be what i give to others. it’s all connected in the past, present and future, and in new spaces, and can address who we are as a species and where we’re going, culturally, technologically and spiritually. this is how my brain is wired. it’s what i do. the potential in this larger property for exploration, design and shaping perspective is limitless. it is exciting. i could’ve become a politician in order to tackle all these things but i wanted to spark your imagination rather than insult your intelligence. this really is what i was born to do ... for you. f.e.r.a.l. rendering, shadotectura, www.vyrys.com i've already put significant resources into gyrus and that doesn't count the hours i've worked over the last year and a half. so, where does your money go? this is actually exciting because you aren't just buying a product, you are enabling the creation of everything that goes into gyrus ! the largest single parts of the budget go to production and visual effects. i have to pay three vfx artists for a specific number of shots each on top of my own work. beyond that i have to pay the actors and a crew, and feed everyone. let's not forget production design. i also have to pay my own bills during this time, and also pay for manufacturing and shipping. on top of all that i have to pay taxes on funding. when you add everything together, there is a ton of work being done for a very small amount of money. vyrys corp www.vyrys.com vyrys corp is the entity most responsible for uncovering and deciphering the realm known as the shadotecture. their research has proven invaluable and may be of use to your understanding of gyrus . due to the extensive nature of the material you'll want to view this site on a desktop or a decent sized tablet browser. gyrusmovie.com www.gyrusmovie.com this is a typical movie site that contains the preview video as well as a gallery of images. it has social media share links so you can share it with whatever accounts you have. please do! wraitheon diagram from www.vyrys.com i have a story. it’s been rewritten and simplified multiple times. i used a crude shooting script in order to define the budget, and i need to finalize the screenplay. i have done a ton of concept art and other development but i’ve gone as far as i possibly can without delegating. that’s where you come in! this is an opportunity to do things differently and to make a difference on multiple levels. as much as we all love the films we've seen thus far, the major studios as we know them exist under a business model that disallows the kind of exploration made possible in gyrus . gyrus is a good thing, with huge potential. please fund my project and please share it with others. thank you! dream capture, jetliner [classified classified classified] event gyrus one sheet risks and challenges a fundamental truth of filmmaking is that things absolutely will go wrong. the challenge of merging different disciplines makes it a near impossibility that things will always go according to plan, regardless of how well they are designed. i have the following plans in place in order to deal with this reality: 1. attitude. by knowing not only that things will go wrong, but that obstacles are opportunities, i will turn adversity into advantage and find solutions that are superior to original ideas. in other words, i know how to turn obstacles into the way forward. in fact, i have already done this during the development of gyrus. the partial use of 8mm footage came about because of the unavailability of actors. in using 8mm footage for part of the film, it actually expanded the scope of the idea. i adapted and improved. if i had what i wanted to begin with then the idea would be its original, inferior self. 2. finding the right people. i will be drilled in at a certain level as a writer and director. i will therefore require another set of eyes, in the form of a cinematographer, to provide additional perspective. although i am fully capable of complex blocking and staging, i need the extra brain and eyes to improve upon the original ideas, either by making them tighter and more efficient, or by finding superior solutions. other issues: visual effects: i am a fan of practical effects but, due to the budget, digital effects must be used. most of the effects are not massive set pieces. having said this, some of the effects are unavoidably challenging and will be among the more expensive individual elements of the film. i will need to get the process of individual vfx shots farmed out as quickly as possible in order to facilitate their successful completion. the concept art and storyboards that i have will go a long way in ensuring that the shots are convincing and consistent. the use of crude and affordable yet clear animatics will ensure that the blocking of vfx shots are correct. writing: there is always a risk that my notion of what is good will not resonate with the audience. i will always ask myself, “what does the audience need?” in order to govern my decisions. i have learned this over literally decades of music production, graphic design, illustration and art direction. i’ve made the mistakes in the past and learned from them so they do not happen here. financial issues: the amount of funding for which i ask is not trivial, but it is relatively small in the realm of film, especially for a film with universal themes. i will establish an llc when funding goals are met. i wrote the story so that it could actually be shot for a modest budget, but even at $200k nearly half the budget goes to taxes and shipping. there will not be much wiggle room for reinvention or adapting to catastrophic problems. therefore the shooting locations are limited and the film itself has been design to be made with a small crew. the few actors, carefully planned effects shots and the reality of capable team members wearing more than one hat ensures an efficient production and post production period. i do not have specific stretch goals in mind at the moment, but funding beyond the goal will be used to improve production value where applicable and appropriate. equipment: related to financial issues, we will not be using funds to buy obscenely expensive cameras or similar. cameras and lenses in addition to my own will be rented for a short production period, as will be lights and other gear. software, computers and render farms will be the responsibility of those doing the work. distribution: as there are no guarantees in life, there is no guarantee of distribution beyond the deliverable to you. that is why, once again, the film has been designed to be completed in every aspect with the given budget. distribution and manufacturing costs, at least for the immediate digital delivery of the film, are nonexistent. nothing in gyrus relies on hypothetical situations beyond your funding of the film. scheduling: final development occurs through the middle of may. production is the rest of may, june, the beginning of july, with possible pick ups in the middle of july and beginning of august. this is followed by eight months of post and assembly. finally there will be manufacturing and qc. product samples will be examined before manufacturing. things like weather can change light in problematic ways. production will occur in mid to late spring 2016, so that outdoor shots can be facilitated before afternoon storms and showers associated with summer. furthermore, lighting for indoor locations can be easily governed regardless of the weather. as mentioned, having fewer locations reduces complexity and therefore potential issues. a final note on delivery: i am aiming for late spring of 2018. final development, production and post all fit that timeline. however, if i am afforded the opportunity to increase production value then i will choose that over forcing delivery. ego: the same ego that can enable one to do something can be the same thing that causes that person’s downfall. i’ve made a lot of mistakes in life. i live with the assumption that i’ve made more mistakes than others. who knows? but it also means i’ve learned more. being good at a discipline is only a third of the battle. another third is having vision, which i do. the final third is knowing about the world. the more we know about the world the more informed our decisions will be in our disciplines. because i am aware of my own ignorance, i spend all of my spare time trying to learn about the rest of the world. ambition: is this film overly ambitious for my first feature? not at all. in fact, gyrus is a deliberate step down in ambition and intensity from the original idea, which is called wraith sky. i decided that doing a simpler film that intruduced the concept of exploring another space would not only enable me to ease into larger filmmaking but also set the stage for greater things to come. by the way, this is yet another example of turning turning adversity into advantage. updates: i have a desired production schedule that will be finalized after funding. i will provide updates on a monthly or semimonthly basis.  Jimmy Fraud  failure: what happens if funding goals are not reached? as you already know, you will still have your hard earned money. as for myself, i will continue to seek funding elsewhere, as this project must come to fruition. if you've made it this far, i want to thank so much! i realize that it takes considerable time to look through this material and i appreciate your doing so. as i've said elsewhere, this is an opportunity to be part of something new and something big, something special with huge potential. i hope that you will support this project. even if you can't i would be grateful if you could please share it with anyone you know who might be interested. thank you so much! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 