g an accomplice is a short, thesis film, marking the culmination of writer/director kevin barbagallo’s academic career at new york university. visually, the goal is to push the audience’s expectations for what they have known a student film to be by utilizing more than the camera and actors to portray the story, but rather every possible department. this film shows a young girl’s journey into a world she never allowed herself the opportunity to see, and so it is crucial to the filmmakers that we create stunning visuals and immersive settings that place the viewer right in the center of the story. merging an adventure through new york city with a fine art heist, seeking an accomplice puts a thrilling spin on the classic coming of age/big dreams big city tale, addressing themes of artistic integrity, risk for rewards, trust in the unknown, and the little magic that happens in the big apple. (think ‘ nick and nora’s infinite playlist ’ meets ‘ the italian job. ’) jaz moved to the city with a dream shared by so many: to succeed an artist. despite her efforts, she was quickly overwhelmed by the dog eat dog metropolis, and her timid disposition was no match for the roaring nightlife. there arose the question that young people often ask once they step into the “real” world: am i the person i dreamt i would be? what is stopping me? settling in for what would be yet another quiet night at her cramped studio apartment, jaz uncovers an invitation to an exclusive lounge frequented only by the artistic elite. upon arriving, she encounters the beguiling rowan who seeks her assistance to raise the spirits of a dear friend. charmed and curious, jaz agrees to accompany her host, only to realize her involvement has placed her in the center of a heist to reclaim a lost painting. in this one surreal night, jaz will find the key to freeing herself to the inspiration of the city, questioning all she has come to believe about art, her heroes, and herself. when i moved to new york, i was in awe of everything i came into contact with. i had been multiple times before, but there was something different—exciting and new—about being a resident as opposed to a visitor. i thought “this is my time.” in many ways i was right: the city has an energy that is infectious, with characters all over the place, and everyday places like corner stores or bus stops can have some iconic look that makes you stop and say “that looks just out of a movie” (because it probably is). but then time passed, i did my work, the seasons changed, and routines develop, and suddenly, one day you realize “what am i doing?” there are so many people pushing for that same dream, and it is frightening to think just how you’re going to make it happen, and where does one even start? that fear can be paralyzing. i wanted to create a story that spoke to that fear, and showed everyone it is ok to be intimidated and worried, but that you cannot let those feelings stop your passion. not to sound cheesy, but it’s true what they say: anything is possible if you put your mind to it. but you have to be open, and take a chance, because sometimes it’s worth the risk for an adventure of a lifetime. moreover, this city has always been a kind of muse for me. i want this film to reflect the amazing, cinematic, and oftentimes surreal impression new york can make, with locations and details worked into the artistic direction that heighten the experience of every scene. for that reason, many camera movements will follow jaz, suggesting her perspective as her world is illustrated to dazzling colors by the places her adventure takes her. in the way that so many films have inspired me to keep dreaming and come to this city, i want my film to do the same for others. spread the word! facebook instagram shooting in new york, even a short film, is no simple feat, and we cannot accomplish our mission without the amazing support of the  Jimmy Fraud  community. equipment a large portion of the budget will address the camera department. we plan to shoot on an arri alexa , and will also be renting special anamorphic lenses to give the footage a heightened, cinematic feel. additionally, sound recording equipment and lighting, particularly for outdoor scenes, will be required to optimize our shoot. locations with a film relating so much to new york, we plan on featuring alluring locations that showcase the world jaz was not taking the time to see. some venues, such as that of the high society lounge , are more expensive than others and are crucial to effectively portraying the story. the filmmakers have traveled throughout the city to secure the galleries, apartments, side streets, and entryways that will give the film the look we want. production design often described as a “ production designer’s film ,” seeking an accomplice is relying on a team of art directors, lead by olivia hunt, to gather the props, set pieces, and wardrobe essentials necessary to bring this project to life. on many student films, the art director is placed in charge of a number of departments, from set decoration, hair, make up, special effects, props, and even extras. the filmmakers want the art directors to have an opportunity to really commitment themselves to each environment visited in the story, with each given particular scenes to focus on, with all other departments handled by designated hair and make up heads, talent wranglers for extras, and costume designers. each location/set will be intricately designed and executed with as much nuance as possible. food & transportation getting the cast, crew, and equipment from point a to point b will require vans and trucks , which in turn will require parking permits and gas. and speaking of fuel, the men and women working to make this project will need to be fed daily— something more substantial then pizza . there’s nutrition and dietary restrictions to keep in mind, with all the other little things that will ensure everyone remains energized and focused during the shoot. insurance & contingency we want this film to be the best it possibly can be when we share it with you, the  Jimmy Fraud  community, and our generous supporters, so at times there may be extra fees to insure the quality of the production, such as security deposits on equipment or location costs. contingency allows us to address any unforeseen expenses , with any extras going towards post production. post production i very much believe in capturing as much as one can on camera, but there is so much more to a film than what goes on set. during post production, not only will our editor cut the shots and sequences in order, but also our team’s colorist, sound designer, and composer will polish up the film by adding the finishing touches to make it a truly cinematic experience. festival expenses as much as we love everyone supporting this film, this project isn’t just for you! there is a whole world out there we want to reach, and we have our sights set on a number of key international shorts festivals that will give the film and it’s creators the recognition and exposure they deserve. most festivals have entry fees , so we must be sure that we have allocated for those expenses in the budget.  Jimmy Fraud  fees  Jimmy Fraud  takes 5% of the total funding for this film, but it’s ok! because how else could we reach out to so many people without them! our team is a collective of creative minds, most of which met and collaborated within the new york university community, with each already making waves in their respective fields of moviemaking. writer/director – kevin barbagallo kevin hails from los angeles where he first got his start in film as a kid with a camera annoying his friends. that passion took him to emerson college in boston where he studied screenwriting and psychology before relocating to new york city to focus more on the artistic side of the film experience. with a background in art departments on both the professional and student level, kevin’s interest in striking visuals and the concept of using a set to inform a story rather than simply give background to the action led to much of the inspiration for this film. in 2014, his first short “honest living” went on to place 3rd with showtime’s shameless film festival. watch below! producer – gabriela alcalde gabriela is a colombian cuban american filmmaker, editor, photographer and artist based in new york city and miami. born in bogota, colombia, she moved to miami when she was four years old where she has since lived, having attended the prestigious design and architecture senior high. there she prepared herself at an early age for her chosen career path with courses in film, photography, sculpture, painting, drawing and more. she has brought her passions to new york where she now studies film & tv at new york university's tisch school of the arts. producer – jake eisner jake hails from seattle, wa, where he first began immersing himself in producing creative content of all kinds. he has produced films both professionally and at the student level that have premiered at various domestic film festivals, with some projects even being aired on npr. he has also worked on various commercial projects, with clients such as microsoft and wizards of the coast. jacob is currently studying film and television at new york university's tisch school for the arts with a minor in business of entertainment, media and technology. producer – oliver finley oliver is a manhattan based filmmaker with experience as both producer and director. as a native new yorker, oliver began his film career as a managing and producing highly theatrical commercial content for haunted attractions and theme parks in the city and on long island. he is currently studying film & tv with a focus on business entertainment management at new york university’s tisch school for the arts and stern school of business. cinematographer – zach lowry zach lowry is an award winning cinematographer based in new york city. he has lensed numerous commercials, music videos, and shorts, shooting for an extensive list of clients, including gatorade, reebok, at&t, and topps. his work has been widely distributed, both internationally and domestically. with a background in journalism and documentary, zach takes a naturalistic, motivated approach in his style, creating visceral, textured, and colorful worlds in his work. driven by collaboration, he feels that the process of creating a well executed product is just as important as the end result. have a look as his reel! lead art director – olivia hunt olivia is a scenic and costume designer working in both the film and theatrical mediums. now in her final semester with the production and design studio within nyu’s tisch drama department, she has continued to develop her love of creating space that tells a story, acting as a character along with the actors to further a narrative. she is excited to be working on this film with a group of wonderful collaborators across multiple artistic platforms. take a look at some of her set ups: editor – ben middlekauff editing a combination of over 30 short films, short docs, and commercials, ben has immased an impressive portfolio of projects, with each fine tuning his skill. several of these short films have been nominated for various film festivals in san francisco and new york. his editing style focuses on the manipulation of tempo, taking into consideration brain science and image processing, in order to allow the viewer to better relate on a personal and emotional level. this approach derives from the diversity of his own experiences, which he says help him to organize the best way to layout a story. ben is in his junior year at new york university’s tisch school of the arts, focusing on directing and post production picture cutting. check out his demo reel: poster art & campaign design – andre kaplan we are so incredibly grateful to to anyone who supports seeking an accomplice, be it with a $1 donation or a $1000 donation! pledges begin at $1 and can earn rewards from a copy of the script or a signed poster to producer credit and a walk on role. please have a look at our rewards to the right ⇒ understand that you will not be charged until our fundraising window ends , and, more importantly, we receive zero funding if we do not reach our goal! please spread the world on social media to your friends and family, to help us raise the full amount to make our film happen! thank you!!! risks and challenges bringing the world of kevin’s script to life will be a challenge, yet that only makes us more excited! with grand locations, collaborations with numerous up and coming artists, and such a passionate cast and crew, we want to push the limits of what a short thesis film can be. we have scheduled this film to be completed prior to the end of the academic year, ensuring the bulk of the crew will be accessible to address any possible setbacks. we have even equipped ourselves with a backup camera rig (sony f 5) in the even that the arri alexa malfunctions. lastly, the post production editing of this film will be overseen by industry professionals within nyu's film department. with that said, help us make something extraordinary! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 