-kill/descriptiondidn't somebody tell you? a new webcomic is hitting the world wide web! thank you for your interest so far in this development! allow me to illustrate some key points about our project, and explain why it is worthy of your support. what are we making? as mentioned earlier, i, along with my collaborator ian, am channeling love and adoration for the music of the killers into an online, digitally drawn webcomic appropriately dubbed "killers" (creative, no?) with a storyline largely influenced by songs from their albums sam's town, hot fuss, sawdust, and battle born, this webcomic is designed as a continuous serial updated weekly on the popular comic site tapastic. here is the comic's description featured on the website: nobody ever had a dream 'round the somnolent desert land of sam's town; but murder is just enough to wake its denizens from their complacent slumber. jenny flowers, formidable leader of the town's all female gang, is dead. left without answers or a choice, atomic bomb, jenny's cunning and self made successor, must team up with rival gang captain mr. brightside to bring jenny's killer to justice, and restore their hometown to the chaotic order over which both gangs have reigned for decades. but age old tensions between them prove difficult to overcome, and their relentless search gradually yields the bones of insidious secrets long buried beneath the sands of the town. wandering eyes create inbred suspicions among members of the gangs, and even after intercepting their suspect, atomic bomb and brightside discover just how closely their killer is working with them. why is this project special? it goes without saying that ian and i are longtime, dedicated fans of the rock group; but that isn't what makes this project important to us. what does make it important and significant is the life our comic will bring to the nostalgic and cinematic themes carried throughout the killers' music, something that nearly every fan will agree is what prompts us to play their oldest albums on repeat, and continue to support them through their changing music endeavors. this project is important also because it enables us to share with the internet what we love producing the most; for ian, his writing, and for me, my art. and by combining our ideas, abilities, and shared love of the killers, we can share with you , our audience, a product you can value and enjoy in knowing it supports up and coming artists like me and ian, as well as highlights the timeless work of seasoned pros like brandon flowers and his band. what will we do with the funds? of course, nothing i say here is as important as my explanation for why we are asking for your funding. allow me to break it down: go daddy domain name as mentioned before, we will launch this comic on the site "tapastic", which does not charge for hosting. however, we would like to purchase a website domain name on which we can host the comic independently. go daddy is a reputable domain name distributor that of course charges for its clients' desired website names; they sell bundle deals that last one, two, etc years. part of the funding will first go to the endeavor of purchasing the website domain name "www.killerscomic.com". (a website builder is included in go daddy's advertised purchase). if you are unsure of what a domain name is and how they work, you can visit go daddy's website with a great video explanation: https://www.godaddy.com/help/what is a domain name 327?isc=gofdc020 advertising after purchasing our website, we intend to submit several adverts to online host sites, including the webcomic list, comic rocket, and of course, google search engine. while these sites offer some deals for as low as 99 cents per ad (and low click impressions, too), other deals that promise the highest exposure can range from $30 $60 per ad (a minimum of 45 days advertising is $100 on the webcomic list). and most often, sites will feature your ad for a limited time before requiring you to renew it. because we want to reach as many sites and as wide an audience as possible, we plan to spend the majority of our funds on productive advertising ventures. feel free to visit the webcomic list and comic rocket to see who they are: http://www.thewebcomiclist.com/advertise/ https://www.comic rocket.com/explore/ software expenses to produce the comic, i will be using two programs: clip studio paint pro and adobe illustrator. both programs are excellent, but require the purchase of additional software ad ons like brushes, patterns, textures, and backgrounds. these are not all always necessary, but are desirable when producing commercial work, when you want the highest quality product for consumers. these are also not necessarily expensive on their own, but if bought in packages, (which is often the most economic choice), the costs add up. i intend to spend approx. $100 on add ons for my current programs based on the design needs of the comic. editors we currently have a small team of editors working with us to refine and filter our ideas in our script before we translate them into the visual comic. we would like to pay them fairly for their time and contribution towards our final work; doing so supports our project because ian and i cannot currently give the time and attention needed to edit the script together. each editor is being paid $10/hr for their work. please enjoy some drafts and promotional work for the comic... risks and challenges now that you have a better idea of this exciting project and its potential, let's take a look at some of the potential setbacks we may face: time management is of paramount importance with this project. because the comic is ongoing and updated weekly, we don't have a set time for its completion. however, as the illustrator, it's my job to ensure the comic is updated on time in a consistent fashion as often as possible. as a student, i can only do my best to deliver updates as consistently as my schedule and abilities allow for. copyright infringement and/or claims of musical plagiarism are situations we are currently working to avoid. we have immense respect for the killers and their work, and are therefore working with our editors to make absolutely certain our project adheres to creative commons and fair use laws. generally, artistic endeavors such as these are risks in and of themselves due to the massive time commitment and resources put into them. even so, we believe it is a risk worth taking because of the potential it has to appeal to a large audience, and the contribution it can make to the webcomic community. ian and i encourage you to reach out to us with questions if needed before you pledge. as creators, it is our job to be as transparent with our project as possible. if you'd like to keep up to date with art, drafts, etc., follow me on instagram @jackierabbitheart learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 