hy this project is unique we are making two short films in one month, shot over a combined schedule of 7 days, meticulously planned and executed with a highly professional team, enabling us to share resources and maximise production value, as well as credit many contributors as associate producers, producers and exec producers on not one but two films on imdb. carina and max (producers) trained together as actors at the italia conti academy of theatre arts , alongside their director, ricky j payne . since drama school they have all gone on to establish strong career's in film /tv and theatre, as well as writing and producing. they are extremely excited to be collaborating together once again, and this time on their own original content, with more plans for future collaborations in the pipeline. making right swipe and echo creates an opportunity to bring together some of the most talented creatives and production crew that they have both worked with   in front of and behind the camera, to make two very high quality short films, and showcase the work of emerging and established creatives. process the scripts are both original ideas and will be shot separately within the space of a month   as a 3 day and 4 day shoot respectively. the award winning team consists of a top director/editor, dop, sound recordist, fully trained and bafta newcomer talent, excellent equipment, thorough attention to detail and stunning locations. we intend to create two extremely high quality pieces on a very efficient budget. carina and max are self funding both films, and need extra finance to take the projects through post production, increase the quality of resources available, finish both films to an impeccable standard, edit, grade and enter the films into the festival circuit 2017 18. many of our resources are being donated or offered at low cost, all as part of a labour of love and shared passion for filmmaking. everyone in the team is enthusiastic about collaborating and working with one another and are fully committed to their roles. the films "echo" echo is a chilling, classical ghost story set in the winding country roads of devon. on a cold and windy night a businessman ( max warrick ) driving home from work stumbles across a young, frightened woman ( carina birrell ), lost, and in need of his help. containing beautiful cinematography from paul murray, a suspenseful script and an eery sound scape, this film combines all the best ingredients of a classical yet bite sized horror film. echo concept poster right swipe directed by ricky j payne , founder and director of invisible darkness , a pioneering film production company dedicated to the development of original stories from the dark side, including sci fi, fantasy, horror and comedy. http://invisibledarkness.com/about/ ricky j payne | director & cinematographer | vfx & colorgrade artist over the last five years, invisible darkness has been built from the ground up, delivering stories supporting the talent that plays with us. "do or do not. there is no try"   yoda what works, works, and what does not, does not. to find the truth in the moment, and deliver it to our audiences in the best possible way. we have successfully wrapped our flagship horror project & short film ‘stalker’ and further development talks are now underway. as talks begin on 'stalker', we develop other shorts, artist tutorials and collaborate with our fellow artists within their crafts. working with fe in lambeth and other students, we connect young people to experience working with new and established professional talent. support independent film, support new story tellers, support invisible darkness. cast carina birrel l (woman) 2016/17 bafta la newcomer, carina is a film /tv and theatre actress originally from glasgow and based between london and la. carina won best actress at the british horror film festival for her portrayal of rose in wandering rose (aka demon baby /little devil ) from green13films distributed by eone . she has played in feature film including one, the unfathomable mr jones, and appeared in tv productions including the bbc drama lip service, and sea of souls . other feature credits include snow white and the huntsman and the look of love. carina is currently producing a novel adaptation feature film; a tv series; and a feature documentary with bbc scotland and creative scotland. she is passionate about film and a member of bfi / women in film & television and part of the anthony meindl actors workshop. she is producing both the echo (written by max warrick) and right swipe (written by max warrick and carina birrell) max warrick (the businessman) london based actor, max warrick, trained at the italia conti academy and has established a strong career in theatre as well as doing extensive voice over work with soho voices. max's theatre credits include working with directors such as sam mendes, sue colgrave, lawrence evans and sebastien blanc. max is also developing several feature films as a writer, and for these productions max wrote the script of the echo and right swipe. max's film credits include the plan b film ill manors, crossfire, stealing elvis and weapon. dop director of photography, paul murray, has been working professionally for over 10 years, with technical and creative precision and an incredible eye for striking shots and powerful lighting atmosphere. paul takes great pride in everything he shoots and make sure he hits the mark technically and creatively. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 as well as film, tv and other collaborations, paul's recent clients include organisations such as google, ebay, sony, fanta, cadburys, kellogs, lloyd's insurance, bbc children in need and macmillan cancer support. sound recordist the wonderful ben metsers is a sound recordist who lives, breathes, eats and sleeps "sound." experienced in comedy, commercials, corporate, documentary, eng/outside broadcast, environmental and film (short). ben is incredibly talented and has extensive credits in screen, theatrical and live production sound work. his infectious energy keeps everyone on set upbeat and cooperative, and he is a joy to work, incredibly knowledgable about sound, as well as competent working with cameras and on set production requirements, and cannot be recommended highly enough. http://www.brmsound.com keeping spirits high at 6am in the morning after a 10 hour night shoot! location echo is set and filmed on location in devon, with the support and generosity of the residents of petrockstowe, oakhampton. petrockstowe village right swipe right swipe is a charming, romantic comedy set amidst the bustling (and often rather enigmatic) back drop of london's online dating scene. inspired by real life stories, george and emily meet with challenging scenarios and complex characters in a hilarious tale exploring the triumphs and pit falls of seeking a perfect 'match' in today's less than perfect digital age! full cast bio's, further information and announcements to follow soon!! "i've had a perfectly wonderful evening... but this wasn't it" (groucho marx) your support every penny will contribute towards enhancing the quality of both films, and ensuring they look beautiful and every resource is put to excellent use. we all believe in striving for the very best production value possible and your help will enable us to: pay for equipment hire, vehicle hire (including aerial filming)... and the services of cast and crew ! pay for post production, editing and vfx costs enable both films to be entered into select festivals , including cannes, raindance, london shorts, scottish shorts, fright fest, bhff, encounters and others. allocate money towards make up, costumes and set dressing create striking artwork for both films. ultimately, all support will enable the process to run more seamlessly, more enjoyable for everyone involved and bring more overallto the look and end results of both films. we promise to put every bit of support to excellent use, and are fully committed to doing whatever it takes to ensure the quality and precision of both films, and reaching our ambitious target of shooting both films in the combined space of 7 days. we would love the support of family, friends, peers, strangers and as many young filmmakers /film lovers involved as possible and ultimately hope to encourage people to pick up a camera, write scripts and go out and make films! filmmaking is a labour of love , but it also doesn't have to take years to conceptualise, plan, execute and deliver high quality and inspiring films. with the spirit of collaboration, respect, teamwork and many small (or large!) contributions from everyone who backs us, we are committed to execution of these projects at a highly professional level, following a well thought out and carefully considered plan, delivered by a strong team of talented professionals, and sticking to our clear vision and taking determined action to make both films great whatever it takes! risks and challenges with locations, crew, majority of our cast, and other essential equipment and necessary factors in place, we are ready to go with both films. our challenges will be maintaining absolute efficiency and commitment to time keeping, in order to meet our tight shoot schedule during production itself. echo and right swipe will both be shot as night shoots, with the former dependant on outdoor light and completion of each shoot before sunrise. through investing as much time and careful planning in the pre production phase, and having all necessary contingency plans in place to account for all eventualities, we are confident we can meet with any and all risks and challenges that come as a natural part of all filmmaking. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 