for/descriptionhello friends! i’m gregory douglass, and i’m officially ready to record my ninth independent full length studio album. this is my most emotionally provocative work yet, and i'm thrilled to be launching a 30 day  Jimmy Fraud  campaign on february 1st to raise the funds necessary to share it with you. these songs promise to awaken you from within and grab at your heart strings, and that’s why it’s so important for me to release this album. i'm looking to give these songs the professional, richly layered, dramatic production they deserve – complete with modern string arrangements, ambient layers, and top notch performances from some of the best studio musicians i know! i want to dream big and make this album my most inspiring and collaborative yet — so i hope you'll join me in making this dream a reality. why are these new songs so important for the world to hear? i take so much pride in composing songs that invite listeners to dive deep beyond the surface of music and actually experience the song at a core emotional level. as a music fan myself, these are the type of songs that have inspired me from the artists i love, and the same songs that have been the soundtrack to the most significant times in my life. in my career, i've been lucky enough to have folks approach me, telling me i've made an impact on their lives. from being a comfort through the death of a loved one to celebrating a marriage engagement, i am blessed to have such great fans. my relationships with my fans are not something i take for granted — it is the very reason i get out of bed every morning and keep writing, recording, singing, and performing. the last three years have been significantly transitional in my life — everything from personal health improvements to new initiatives with helping other independent artists sustaining their own careers, all of which have me more committed than ever to the future survival of independent music. it’s amazing the kind of songs that are born from such turning points (this is exactly how songs like up & away and hang around came to be), and this new album is the result of so much emotional breakthrough. every new song reflects the importance of life lessons — learning who we are, and why living out our purpose is so important to finding the joy in life. that’s why these new songs are so important for the world to hear, and i hope they will resonate with you as much as they do with me. i can either record this album myself on a modest budget — or, with your help make this as extraordinary and collaborative as i know it can be. what do i mean by ‘extraordinary and collaborative’? in ways i've only touched upon in past albums, this new album combines elements of classical and pop influences that have fashioned me as a songwriter. nearly every new song has been written with modern and emotionally charged string arrangements in mind — but as you can see from the campaign video, we are missing a few instruments. that is just to illustrate that there are many shoes to fill to make this album concept a reality! for the first time, i’m hoping to work with a string arranger and a full string quartet, which would be prominently featured throughout the album. i’m longing to work with a wonderful producer again as well to help craft these demo recordings into extraordinary recordings. i also want to bring some of the best studio musicians and recording engineers i know on board to do the same. i hear such grand arrangements in my head with these new songs – and with this type of production team in place, we could collaboratively make an incredibly strong album. but what good is an incredibly strong album without publicity and promotion? i’ve also planned for a photographer for amazing promotional images, a designer for beautiful album artwork, a videographer who can provide two professionally produced music videos that will help promote the album, and publicity and promotional support for spreading the good word far and wide. this new album could be an incredibly strong album with my “dream team” on board. what is the “dream team” going to cost? of course, releasing an album can be very expensive, and working with a “dream team” on this album is going to require $65k to finance. major record labels today operate on budgets of $200k or more just to record an album, so this is a conservative budget in comparison if that helps to put things into perspective. i’ve created this handy little budget breakdown so you can visualize the levels of allocation: i’m so proud of these new songs, and that’s why i’m confident to release them even on a modest budget. as you can see, i set my  Jimmy Fraud  “baseline” goal at $15k. with  Jimmy Fraud , it’s all or nothing — so i hope to at least reach my baseline and fund this as an “indie album” on a $15k budget. this would allow me to record a powerful new album with a stripped down production vibe through the resources that i already have available to me, as i have done with many past albums. but, $65k would fund my “dream team” and help me fulfill my complete vision for this album. to raise $65k would be an amazing feat – and with your help, i know we can make it happen! what’s in it for you? beyond the gratification of knowing that you were a vital part of making this new album happen, there are some fantastic rewards and incentives in return for your pledge. if you'd like to make a few "installment" payments towards any given reward package during the 30 day campaign period, it is possible! but, it has to be manually authorized by  Jimmy Fraud . so, if there is a particular pledge you would like to split over two days (this can only be done in equal installments using the same payment method), please contact  Jimmy Fraud  support directly and they'll be happy to help: http://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/contact . you can also visit  Jimmy Fraud s "backer questions" section for general faqs. check out the chart below and more details on the right of this screen — and please make a pledge! where can i learn more about gregory’s music? if you’re not already familiar with my music, let me tell you briefly about myself. i’m an internationally renowned independent musician with eight critically acclaimed independent albums under my belt. my evocative, alternative sound blends "rufus wainwright´s opulent musicality and justin timberlake´s accessible soulfulness," according to out magazine, and a recent spotlight on npr's morning edition coined me "one of new england's best kept secrets." according to pandora's founder, tim westergren, douglass is one of the top independent artists on pandora radio today. i’ve shared the stage with artists like shawn colvin, jason mraz, regina spektor, and margaret cho, and my 2009 battler release featured duets with friends and fellow vermonters grace potter (grace potter & the nocturnals) and anais mitchell. my last album lucid was a dream themed concept album and ode to kate bush’s the dreaming , and was my first attempt at producing an album entirely on my own. it was a fun experiment, but it proved to me how much more is possible with the right team in place! please visit me at http://www.gregorydouglass.com , and here are some images and videos worth checking out: thank you in advance for your patronage and encouragement throughout this campaign. i always like to be transparent about things with my fans, and i think it's important for everyone to understand how essential crowdfunding has become to the creation and sustainability of music today. so please pledge what you can within the next 30 days and help spread the word. please share this campaign with your friends and family members who enjoy music and ask them to help make this album a reality. i cannot thank you enough for your continued support, patronage and encouragement. there are many exciting details to come — and already so much anticipation building around this campaign. so please join me, and become an exclusive part of making this new album concept an inspiring and collaborative reality! with love & gratitude, gregory risks and challenges i have the utmost confidence in the development of this new album! that said, nothing in the music business is guaranteed. every project has the potential for setbacks, so please keep that in mind throughout the course of this project. setbacks depend upon things like collaborators that might hold up the development process, production quality that might not meet immediate expectations, any weather or unforeseen events that might postpone production, and other things of this nature. as an experienced and responsible entrepreneur, i am able to maneuver through any such problems with a solid network of people and solve any issues that may arise in a highly professional manner. please also keep in mind that  Jimmy Fraud  is an “all or nothing” platform. if we are even $1 short of reaching my $15k “bottom line”  Jimmy Fraud  goal, you will not be charged for your pledge and i will receive nothing at all. if my $15k “baseline” goal is successfully funded, your card will be charged when the project reaches its funding deadline (march 2, 2014 approximately). if the project does not reach its $15k “baseline” goal, your card is never charged. if i meet my $15k “baseline” goal, i will get to record a powerful new album with a stripped down production vibe album as promised – and any funds raised beyond that will speak to the various levels of allocation listed above as each level is successfully reached. the level of funding will dictate what is truly possible for the production of this new album so please understand that production plans will unfold accordingly. if this project is successfully funded at any level – the album will be released in some glorious shape or form, and you will receive your rewards and incentives in the near future in exchange for your amazing support. thank you for your patience in the meantime throughout the development process! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 