 and its significance this project is a rap and poetry workshop led by egyptian hip hop and spoken word artists. the workshop will be offered to a minimum of twenty adolescents—egyptians as well as arabs from surrounding countries living in egypt due to the social and political circumstances in their countries.the artists will convey to the participants how they have used rap and poetry as outlets to express their opinions and feelings; frustrations and concerns; and hopes and dreams. these rappers are known for writing powerful lyrics addressing serious issues such as poverty, education, unemployment, harassment, and broader political and social concerns. the workshop will include discussions of how rap and poetry have served as crucial forms of expression around egypt and the arab world, specifically in recent times. the rappers will share the personal meaning of their art with the participants. they will teach techniques of writing rap and poetry and encourage their students to compose emotionally expressive verses. as egypt has experienced over four consecutive years of social and political upheaval and change, this workshop will occur at a pivotal time. the egyptian hip hop scene has greatly expanded during the past few years and egyptian rappers have become more vocal than ever before about their social, political, and economic discontents. egyptian rappers also address the brutal and oppressive circumstances in surrounding arab countries. likewise, rappers around the arab world sympathize with the chaos and turmoil in egyptian society and write songs to express their solidarity. it is evident that rap and poetry serve as creative outlets for young artists around the arab world and it would be beneficial and therapeutic to expose adolescents to this venue of expression. the vast range of emotions these adolescents experience is inextricably related to the state of their surroundings. is it possible to simultaneously feel pride and shame, courage and fear, or relief and pain? the participating adolescents are experiencing life quite differently than the generations before them. these adolescents do not only have the pressure of being politically opinionated and socially aware, but they also carry the expectation of articulating their feelings about current events. some of them have certainly seen, heard, and experienced difficult and, in some cases, traumatizing events over the past several years. their understanding of the world around them comes from multiple—sometimes opposing—sources. the media, their families, and their peers are factors that contribute to the formation of their thoughts and opinions. it may be difficult for them to sort out their feelings related to their understandings of these events. this workshop will allow the participants to explore these feelings through artistic production. ultimately, this workshop is about the power of music, creativity, and exploring new outlets of expression. the lyrics produced by the participants will be a reflection of their own ideas; they will tell their stories through their eyes and in their words. the album the album will consist of 8 10 songs. the participants will be divided into small groups led by rappers or spoken word artists. each participant will create a verse and each group will collectively create a song. as the aim of the workshop is to encourage artistic outlets of expression, we will invite the participants to explore other musical talents to be incorporated into the songs. the songs will be recorded towards the end of the workshop. additionally, the hip hop artists will record songs inspired by their experiences working with the participants and possibly collaborate with them. this could come in the form of reflections about the experience, a topic that was brought up during a session, a particular participant’s story—this part is to be determined by the artists; inspiration comes in many forms. the documentary as we feel there is something to be learned from this workshop concerning the social impact of music and the effects of the use of creative expression by individuals, we believe it is important to document this experience. in addition to filming the process of the workshop, we hope to explore what the participants gained from the experience. can we consider the creative expression of emotion through artistic production a form of therapy? what did the rappers take away from this experience about their own craft and its ability to effect change on both individual and collective levels? implementation the implementation of the projects relies on our connections to the egyptian underground music scene. this scene includes a tight network of artists and other cultural workers and they depend on each other to make things happen. three prominent egyptian rappers are already on board. the workshop will take place over the course of two months in the fall of 2015. there will be a minimum of forty contact hours with the participants. for implementing the workshop, we will rely on our connections with venues that support free and creative expression. in terms of the participants, we are dedicated to finding at least twenty male and female adolescents from various social and economic backgrounds. through various means, we have already located several potential participants including refugees/arabs from various countries residing in cairo. we are also in contact with a number of organizations that could help provide us with contacts. to produce the album we will work with local composers and recording studios. we have good relationships with these contacts as they already work with the rappers. funding the amount we are requesting for this project will cover the minimal costs involved for the implementation of the workshop as well as some production costs for the album and documentary (we are also relying on great people who have already volunteered to help out). budgeting for this project has been a tedious task and has required much thought. our budget includes our primary expenses such as a space for the workshop, transportation for the participants, music production, recording time in a studio, and compensation for our workshop trainers. we also took into account the small, but necessary items such as pencils and notebooks, as well as refreshments for the participants. if we are so lucky to have our project successfully funded and receive above the requested amount, we have already considered how we could expand and improve this project. we could open it up to more participants and allow more adolescents the experience of learning this creative outlet of artistic expression. we could include other musicians from the underground egyptian music scene in order to encourage the participants' varied musical interests or talents. we would also love to bring in a few hip hop artists from other countries in the region; we feel this would contribute to creating a more nuanced experience for the participants. any funding received will go to good use. about the artists as of now, the artists leading this workshop consist of aly talibab, ibrahim farouk (from the rap duo asfalt), and zap tharwat. they are key participants in egyptian underground hip hop scene. they have strong local and international fan bases. they have performed throughout egypt and international venues. each has a unique style and will bring his specific set of talents, skills, knowledge, and creativity to the workshop. most importantly, all of these artists are socially and politically conscious and use their music as an outlet to discuss issues which are important to them personally as well as the broader egyptian and arab audience. thank you many people have people helped out along the way because they want to see this project happen just as much as i do. the video would not have been possible without sherief hassan, hassan fawzy, and mohamed sayed. i am grateful to ibrahim farouk, zap tharwat, and aly talibab for their willingness to participate and for offering their thoughts in the project's video. thanks to my young friends shaza, ezzat, hana, hazem, and ahmed for openly sharing pieces of their stories and for being proof that this project has value. risks and challenges a challenge this project could face is working with adolescents who may have lived thorough traumatic experiences. in order to address the potential issues that may arise, we will provide a counselor to speak with them if necessary. additionally, everyone involved in this project is fully committed to creating an environment in which the participants feel comfortable in engaging in an art form which could be completely new to them. we are dedicated to creating a nurturing atmosphere which will encourage learning, creativity, and freedom of expression. another possible obstacle is scheduling issues. the artists have other engagements in addition to performances and being involved with their communities in various capacities. i am confident that they are all committed to the project and believe in the idea behind it and will make it a priority once we have confirmed it’s a go! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 