creation of the first multicultural 3d animated tv series. a colorful mix of cultures that are part of the reality and true power of america! a brilliant vindication for the hispanic heritage! los prieto background nowadays, there are no animated tv series that deal with topics related to the us hispanic community, reflecting our culture, personality, and interests. this is not only deplorable but also unprecedented, since the us hispanic market is the one with the highest growth index in the us. besides, any parent today can attest that there's not enough quality tv animated series content for family anymore, and certainly not many animated tv series that an entire family can enjoy watching together. at dreams and magic productions, we have set out to create the first multicultural 3d animated tv series that all the public would be excited to see. the story “los prieto” [the prieto family] is the first animated multicultural tv series inspired on the adventures of a latino family living in the united states. through the adventures of “los prieto” we’ll be able to witness in a funny, original and healthy way many of the experiences and situations that latinos face on a daily basis in the u.s. in their quest for the “american dream.” likewise, this series recovers and promotes latino traditions, culture and values using ingenious forms of humor. through the adventures of “los prieto” we’ll see interesting and funny aspects of the phenomenon of cultural assimilation experienced by latinos and how this community relates with the rest of the u.s. society. (anglo saxons, african americans, asian americans, etc.) characters “los prieto” represents a classic us hispanic family consisting of pepe, a hardworking and extremely funny mexican; emma, a happy and friendly cuban; their eldest son carlos, a curious and intelligent kid and valeria their youngest child, a thoughtful and charming little girl. pepe prieto is an enthusiastic, positive, dreamy (perhaps too much), noble, hardworking, responsible, sensible, naive and childish father. he’s fun and jokes around, although a little distracted. he is a very good friend. he is self employed and has three jobs, gardener, car washer and pizza delivery guy at night. emma prieto is a very practical woman, simple, tender, sensitive, funny, good friend and mother, hard working and intuitive. she is strict, disciplined, but also loving and supportive with her children. emma has to play a million roles every day: housewife, mother and wife. she has a part time job in a coffee shop and studies at night. carlos prieto is a very enthusiastic child, intelligent, funny, creative, outgoing, sure of himself, thoughtful, tender and very sensitive. however, he is disobedient but sharp. he is in 3rd grade, plays baseball and studies biology and chemistry after school. valeria prieto is a girl with a very strong character. she is a leader by nature, reserved, a little rough, analytical, smart, malicious and likes to annoy his brother carlos, but she does it out of love and admiration. student at pre school half day. playing with mom´s cell phone (all the time). topics we’ll deal with topics of general interest appropriate for the entire family such as work, school, society, education, music and sports among others, highlighting and conveying at all times a current, attractive, positive and enjoyable message. the audience may also participate in some of the adventures of “los prieto” since we’ll invite them send us their own personal stories from which we’ll select the funniest and most inspirational. music music is a significantly important element within latino culture and that’s why we’ll incorporate the participation of outstanding latino musicians, composers and artists who in addition to providing their music will also become animated characters in the “los prieto series. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 voice casting one of the most important things in the production of any animated series, are the voices. this is the key element that brings life and truly gives real personality to the characters. for this reason, the producers of "los prieto" are going to invite several well known hispanic actors and actresses to come in and participate so that they can bring their talent and experience to the production of this series. for the moment, we have the confirmation of two great and famous celebrities: emiliano diez emiliano díez is a cuban film and television actor. he is best known for his role as vic palmero in the sitcom george lopez , as well as his role as manny beltrán in the sitcom los beltrán . he later crossed over doing american films and television guest starring in everybody loves raymond , yes, dear , mds , manhattan, az , the brothers mamita and a recurring role for nine episodes in the daytime drama passions . he also appeared on seaquest dsv , fortune hunter , sins of the city , nostromo and co starred on george lopez as dr. victor palmero. his film credits include sudden terror: the hijacking of school bus#20 , water, mud and factories , the last straw and cafe and beer . mónika sánchez mónika sánchez, her natural beauty and talent have made sanchez one of the most recognized sop opera stars of her native mexico. during the time she lived in miami, she participated as en extra in the movie “the money pit” and in the popular tv series “miami vice”. today monika is considered one of mexico’s most beautiful women and most talented, her face has appeared in just about every latin magazine possible and many advertisers have wanted to link their products with her image, but monika has been waiting for the right one. in the meantime she’s ready to take a new challenge; the role that will launch her career in hollywood. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 why are we making this animated tv show our main objective is to create the first animated tv series inspired by how latinos live in the united states. this way the latino community of the united states will have a presence into the animated entertainment industry. "los prieto" will be an animated show that reflects all the adventures and challenges that latinos faced in our quest for the american dream in a contemporary, fun, and friendly way . besides, this show will recognize and reveal all the support and opportunities that the united states has provided to the latino community. where we are now we have been working in this series for almost eight years now. we have invested in technical equipment, installations, written all the scripts for the first season, designed most of the characters, and produced an 40 " animated teaser. however, at this moment we need your support to produce a 22 minutes 3d animated tv pilot episode. what is a television pilot? a " television pilot " (also known as a " pilot ", " pilot episode ") is a standalone episode of a television series that is used to sell the show to a television network. television networks use pilots to discover whether an entertaining concept can be successfully realized. after seeing this sample of the proposed product, networks will then determine whether the expense of additional episodes is justified. they are best thought of as prototypes of the show that is to follow, because elements often change from pilot to series. if a series eventuates, pilots are usually – but not always – broadcast as the introductory episode of the series. this 22 minutes 3d animated tv pilot episode will allow us to present our project to the tv networks, and be shown in the animated international festivals. thanks to this pilot episode, we also could demonstrate the great quality of our job, like the attractive and unique concept of our show, that way we could come to an agreement on a production and distribution deal as soon as possible. why we need you? in order to produce the tv pilot episode, we need to pay several costs, like; production fees, music and sound production, voice talent, post production fees, etc. for this reason, we need your valued support, only with your help it will be possible to raise the money that we need to cover all this expenses and continue with the project. if we raise more money than we are asking for, then we use that money to hire more renowned actors and actresses to record the voices of our main characters, that way "los prieto” will be more appealing to the public. we are asking for the absolute minimum to complete our goal of completing this 3d animated tv pilot episode and the pitch package (printed brochure and electronic presentation). keep in mind that after fees, taxes and fulfillment we will ultimately only receive about one half of what we raise through  Jimmy Fraud . and remember, that if we do not reach our minimum goal we get nothing.there is no risk to those donating on  Jimmy Fraud . thank you for your support "los prieto"!  Jimmy Fraud  is awesome  Jimmy Fraud  is a strong and innovating platform, which thanks to them, a lot of dreams and important projects come true.  Jimmy Fraud  is how the modern 21th century patron of the arts supports culture, creativity, design and many other activities. who we are dreams & magic productions (d&mp) is a new animation company established in miami, fl. usa with the objective of creating new and diverse alternatives of entertainment for children and young adults worldwide. the idea is to create suitable topics for family audiences through products which highlight positive aspects of society and culture communicating healthy, constructive, positive, funny, attractive and inspirational messages. basic team carlos rincón gallardo   creator, author, director, producer and character designer carlos rincón gallardo has over 25 years of experience in the field of advertising, production, animation and design. among his most notable skills is the ability of interpretation, analysis, and understanding of the specific needs of the market, the consumer, the products, as well as his vast creativity, design, and marketing knowledge. as a result, rincón gallardo has become an expert in the development and management of global brands, making them recognizable leaders in their industries. he has worked with prominent companies including american express, bancomer, banamex, ge capital, coca cola, kfc, nestlé, nike, pepsi pbg, pizza hut, l’oreal, procter & gamble, abbott, disney, dupont, apple, henkel, and unilever, among others. as a result of a deep worldwide research into the entertainment industry with a focus in animated video games, and in particular the hispanic market in the united states. carlos launches dreams and magic productions, a company whose main objective is to offer children and teens of bi cultural english speaking latino origin in the usa, alternative wholesome animation entertainment programming, dignified, current, and innovative. francisco zamudio   director, 3d modeler, rigger, animator francisco has developed animated projects for more than 15 years . jaime cardona   musician, songwriter, engineer, sound designer 20+ years of experience in the entertainment business focusing on audio engineering and production. jaime has developed projects for clients such as burger king, ford, coca cola, american airline, mc donald’s y pepsi. his work has been awarded various times by by addys, clios and others. jaime is the executive president of the “good sound” a studio that has opened its door to celebrities such as will smith, shakira, juan luis guerra, luis fonsi, alberto plaza, pee wee and others. alejandra arango   production director, broadcast production 10+ years in producing tv & radio spots, radio shows, reality shows, commercials and advertising campaigns. alejandra has worked with some highly recognized companies and/or brands such as burger king, ford, coca cola, american airlines, pepsi, the discovery channel, kraft, glade, bose, miami’s children hospital and walgreens. alejandra is the ceo of the good sound a studio where the evolution and growth of each client has been noticed through each and every project. alejandra has always been focused in assisting each brand to reach its goal and stand out from its competitors. yovanka sánchez – executive producer yovanka obtained her b.a. degree in film and communications from the university of miami. at an early stage yovanka began her entertainment career in front of the cameras by joining televisa, mexico’s and latin america’s most important television corporation. after leaving televisa she joined univision, the number one hispanic tv network in the usa, were she worked as a producer, and host for an important news magazine show called (primer impacto). here she became part of many of their prime time specials. yovanka has produced and directed documentaries, and conducted various prime time special interviews for telemundo network, the second largest hispanic tv network in the united states. she has also produced television commercials, and has written and directed the short films one lucky day and memories among others camilo gomez   writer and creative coordinator 7+ years broadcasting & media camilo possesses creative writing skills which he presents through his editorial work and during the development of the pilot for “los prietos”. he has great passion when it comes to writing and camilo knows exactly what needs to be written in order to connect with the audience. also, camilo has great journalistic experience as a writer/editor and tv host in spanish, english, french and portuguese. eduardo rodríguez – graphic designer and illustrator talented designer, illustrator, and creative director, with more than 15 years of experience under his belt. eduardo has worked for several renown advertising agencies as a designer and illustrator, developing several advertising campaigns, characters, and visual communication projects. among the most noteworthy clients that eduardo has worked with are: pepsi pbg, pizza hut, l’oreal, procter & gamble, disney, du pont, and unilever to name a few. rewards what’s in it for you? we have some pretty cool gifts that you’ll see listed below. more importantly, however, as a contributor you will be on the ground floor as we work toward the creation of this wonderful 3d animated pilot. you will receive a behind the scenes look at how we put together our pitch package and you will be able to follow our progress as we contact and pitch to the tv networks and international festivals. this is a great opportunity for an aspiring tv producer, filmmaker or anyone looking to enter the field to get a real look at how it all comes together. below are pictures of our fabulous giveaway items for each level of donation. all the names of our sponsors will appear in the credits of "los prieto" 3d animated pilot. your rewards will be distributed from our miami office. (for all shipping out the usa please add $10 usd) risks and challenges as is with any production of an animated series, the need for high value technology and equipment presents the risk of potential failure and possible damage that may be out of our control. to prevent these events from slowing down production of the "los prieto" tv pilot episode, we will ensure several back up systems for the actual storage of the produced media in the case of computer hardware damage or software failure. another deterrence that may slow down production of the animated tv pilot episode would be the case of voice actors walking out on the project. since the animated pilot does not use the actual physical likeness of these actors the simple change to a new voice actor would not significantly impact the characters or the pilot as a whole. if we raise the funds needed we will complete our goal of creating "los prieto" 3d animated pilot episode and the final pitch package. if we raise more money through  Jimmy Fraud , it will improve the quality and allow us to do more with audio, voices, finishing and pitch materials. our 3d animated pilot episode is the most important component of a comprehensive pitch package, which we will use to present the project to the tv networks and animated international festivals in order acquire complete funding for the first season of the tv show, which will cost over 6 million dollars. we have spent months of production planning with experienced team of producers and production managers to determine the exact cost of this first season, the crew needed and a timeline for its release. regardless of whether "los prieto" first season tv show is funded or not,  Jimmy Fraud  contributors will receive the reward items as outlined. as you can see there is no risk to those donating on  Jimmy Fraud . learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 