f. gale august 2015 outline part one mark (markey) davidson is an eight year old corporate orphan who is provided for by the mark davidson trust. he has autism. he can only count to two. the film starts with a limo idling in an inner sydney park. sounds of a struggle can be heard in the back. the door opens and markey is pushed out reluctantly. it is never revealed why. the limo moves on. he now has to fend for himself on sydney's 1970's mean streets. the film bookends 30 years. the first part is markey's life as an 8 year old. it then jumps to when he is 38. the story is told with many flashbacks. markey endures a desperate struggle for survival on the street and is always on the lookout for creeps. his days are occupied with finding/stealing food, which is never enough, and scouting for somewhere relatively safe to sleep at night such as housing contruction sites. he has an eclectic array of encounters and adventures with kind people and a golden retriever "mr fluffy" that help him. these include a jewish family that survived the holocaust and a greek cafeteria. these scenes make up much of the first part of the film and involve many bit parts. he also has some misadventures with some not so kind. when markey gets thrown off a bus by the driver for being too smelly, the passengers are indifferent. but life on the street gets increasingly more difficult for him. he is forced to hide and sleep during the day, usually under suburban houses, and only moves around at night. his eyes adjust for night vision and is assisted by having large pupils and 20/20 eyesight. he sees people before they see him. but this cuts off his access to people that give him food and he becomes increasingly hungry and lonely. he never gets to bath or shower and his clothes becomes dirty and smelly. this is when he meets mr fluffy who somehow senses markey's plight and steals chicken drumsticks from his owner's kitchen for markey. after sleeping at a precarious but safe location near the southern on ramp to the harbour bridge, markey starts his journey for the night. he walks past an anonymous looking door which leads to the police target shooting range which is located under the on ramp, near an area known as "the rocks". a plain clothes officer emerges, peter, in his late fourties and corrupt, who engages markey in conversation. with the promise of some food, they enter back into the shooting range. now sated, attention turns to the shooting range and the practice of guncraft. peter is a consumate professional who practices regularily and tells markey that "a man who doesn't practice with his gun, shouldn't have one". with supervision, peter lets markey shoot off a few rounds, and with his eyesight, markey is almost a natural. it is now that peter, the devil incarnate, has the idea to turn markey into an assassin. this scene is titled "death division". peter offers markey a revolver "the daly" to defend himself and the training that goes with it. but peter doesn't tell markey what he will have to do later in return. peter explains that the revolver has been re machined, rhodium plated, and has never been dropped. the hours of training are endless and it seems like too much to markey and extends to an m16 and sniper rifle. but there is a scene later on that justifies the training. peter makes a special two round re loading aid out of plastic for the revolver because markey can only count to two. in reference to situations where markey might have to pull out his revolver from a purpose made bag to defend himself, peter instructs markey to point his weapon and always say "go away". but if the creep doesn't take this chance immediately, he must shoot. one in the chest, one in the head. markey is forced to do this to a pimp. markey goes on a job with peter. they pack their gear, including the m16, into peter's small plane. they fly out to a remote country property to meet some drug dealers. they wait there near the plane for the drugs to arrive. some junior drug dealers attending. they have no money to pay for the drugs, a potentially lethal offense. peter is pretending to be a buyer. when peter sees the principles arriving some 100's of metres away through the opposite paddock gate with the drugs they get back into the plane and take off. the light plane has a short takeoff. the juniors are puzzled but do nothing (no mobile phones). sensing a rat, the drug dealers start shooting at the airborne plane. peter is at the controls, the m16 latched to the alternate controls in front of markey. in anticipation peter slides the door open next to markey. the open door provides a direct view of the people on the ground. peter is circling the paddock. if not for his seat belt, markey would fall out as his side of the plane is pointing to the ground. this scares the shit out of markey who is afraid of heights. when some bullets careen across the windsheild, peter says "shoot them", markey doesn't have to be told twice. he takes the m16 and, with two clips and his flawless aim, shoots them all dead through the open door. the high velocity rounds are lethal for almost any part of the body. a car roof no protection. a well maintained machine rifle will always overwhelm hand guns, especially at distance. they return to sydney, but peter has unfinished business. they land on a decommissioned aircraft carrier anchored near taronga zoo, sydney harbour. peter has a crook tied up below deck who has been recently tortured by him. peter is somewhat of a research scientist, albeit a sadistic one. he has purchased several cages of scientific research rats from a university. he has set them free on the ship to breed. there is no way on or off the ship, a closed system for research purposes. periodically he visits the ship to feed the rats with a special brew of liquified blood and bone, but only a minimum to survive. any rat, through illness, accident, or old age is quickly eaten by rivals. this is the basis for peter's saying, "rats will eventually turn on each other". with the plane parked on the surface tarmac they venture below, peter carrying a bucket of blood and bone, markey with the m16. peter says to markey, " go and practice with the m16", "you better put these on" (handing him some ear muffs). markey finds his way to the brink and pulls down a map of australia in front of the iron bars. for fun he shoots at the map with the muffs on as the confined space echo would give him hearing damage. meanwhile peter deals with the man tied up below. the poor chap has his hands tied up above him, and his feet below him. his back rests on the inside of the curved hull. peter has used sailing pulleys to tighten the ropes in opposite directions. the man has no chance. peter has already got the info from him that he needed, but can't resist torturing him rather than just a bullet in the head. peter splashes the contents of the bucket over the victim. the mere opening of the lid is enough for the rats to come scarying from all corners of the ship. in moments, hundreds of rats are all over the man, eating him alive. his screams unaffect peter who laughs sadistically. nothing is left accept a finger and a toenail. meanwhile, markey exhausts several clips into the map. he snaps the map back up into it's winding. he stands there puzzled. the bullets have not landed randomly behind the bars. instead they have formed a patterned image on the wall like a waveform pattern. he also notices that far fewer bullets have ricocheted back from the bars as expected. (compare geiger–marsden experiment). markey is his own scientist. when peter turns up he says to him " look peter, the bullets formed a pattern on the wall", peter says, "so you drew a pretty picture" markey " but i wasn't aiming to". they fly away. now that markey has a degree of confidence handling firearms, peter sets his plan into action. he arranges to place markey within a gang of ruthless, violent drug dealers. for them violence is a first choice and a habit and is essentially their only 'talent'. in this world any loss of face or perceived weakness is lethal. if you blink first, you're dead. these guys are tuff as nails. when markey performs minor surgery on one of them to remove a fence nail, two large bags of heroin, a powerful analgesic, can be seen nearby untouched. markey gets his share of the loot, but none is stolen from him because this would mean that some (adult) gang members would get more than their fair share. because markey can only count to two and only has $50 dollar notes, shop keepers constantly rip him off. this will have tragic consequences for a female friend of markey. tired of being ripped off, markey befriends an 11 year old kiwi girl, also a street kid, and asks her to buy some fish'n'chips in the botanical gardens on his behalf. now markey has some smaller notes from the change. after the meal, markey naively invites the fish'n'chups girl back to the gang hideout. impressed with markey's wealth she agrees. but when the gang members arrive, minus no1, she is gang raped and murdered. she is dumped unceremoniously in a nearby construction site skip bin. markey is numb but manages to scratch a small sign of the cross on the bin with his knife. when gangster no2 inquires whats up with markey he responds "she was my friend" to which he replies "we're your friends markey". later markey will get his revenge. they use markey as a drug mule and delivery boy. this takes markey on plane trips to mountains in south america and new york city. gangster no.1 always arranges for the daly to get to markey. when markey takes delivery of some drugs from a gang of black youths at a new york city gas station, they sing an a cappella song "oh why, why do we give him so much". gangster no.1 is very protective of markey and is the brains of the outfit. when a creepy gang member takes an interest in markey, gangster no.1 immediately responds with a painfull left jab across the jaw. from here a bond developes between markey and gangster no.1 and he trusts him absolutely. when not on a job markey watches a b&w television at the gang hideout, an unused canvas framing studio. this includes 'here's lucy', 'the flying nun', and the 1937 film 'lost horizon' which is his favourite. for peter this is all going to plan. he tells markey that he is to kill gangster no 1. markey says no, complaining "but i don't want to kill him". peter says "but they're criminals", markey "what's a crime?" peter "they commit the crime against themselves of not doing something different with their lives". but peter insists that if markey doesn't do it, he will take away the daly. peter says "you know what will happen to you then?". markey responds "no peter, anything but that" and "i don't want to become a zombie". markey is furious, but reluctantly agrees to do it. when markey is late from a drug delivery, gangster no1 investigates and is shot by markey who is lying in wait for him. the rest of the gang arrive in a car while markey reloads but take off after their uzi sub machine gun jams. they never practice with or clean their firearms. crying and shaking, markey walks away with a massive bag of dissicated pharmaceutical grade heroin and stuffs it in a nearby bin as per instructions of peter. pushing the bag into the bin it ruptures and a puff of heroin covers markey's face in white. still crying, wiping his nose and rubbing his eyes, a small amount of heroin is ingested by markey accidently. a few moments later, affected by the drug, markey gives a devilish chuckle and smile. (compare batman's joker). peter collects markey in his car and decides that it is too dangerous to stay in sydney. he fills the car with drums of petrol and bottles of whiskey and starts driving west saying "we'll head west into the dessert for a few days markey. no one will find us. no one can sneak up on us". now in the dessert, the pair fill in time hunting feral boar. when they walk past some elder aboriginal women one of them says in native language "that boy is with the dreamtime". peter roasts a pig carcass on a stick. camped on a dry river bed, peter dozes off after a bottle of whiskey. bored with waiting for peter to wake up, markey wanders off to join an aboriginal corroboree. peter has a dream where he is walking along side the ghost of ned kelly on a horse on a dry lake eyre. (sidney nolan 1946). he is in parade best pointing a revolver at ned saying "get off your horse punk". he tries to discharge the revolver but it just fizzles with the smoke coming off. ned turns at him for a moment then continues heading west. asleep for 24 hours the fire has gone cold and wild pigs, 20 30 in number, attracted by bbqed meat, congregate around the fireplace and peter. they start to bite peter's shoes and drag him a little bit, but he doen't wake up. he is in very real danger. (compare razorback, 1984) markey returns still with some ochra on his face. he realises that peter is in the middle of the pigs and in trouble. he gets the m16 from the boot of the car and prepares to shoot the pigs. but he stops mid stride and remembers that he must never wake peter after a drink. he returns to the boot and screws a silencer on, then shoots all of the pigs in silence. eventually peter wakes and sees all the pig carcasses saying amused " you've been practising with your gun haven't you. but how did you drag them all to the fire?" now back in sydney, peter gets wind that gangster no2 is out to get him. he has no choice other than kill peter and recover the drugs regardless of the possible consequences because if his loss of face remains uncorrected his enemies, which are many, will 'smell blood' and will surely kill him. as peter says, "rats will eventually turn on each other". peter is held up at his police station with markey. no2 knows this and is waiting across the road. peter manufactures a small blade with a plastic handle. the sharp part is wrapped in a special tape that dissolves in hydrochloric acid (stomach acid). he grabs markey and forces him to swallow the blade sharp end first. he then gives him some red cordial to wash it down. shaking from the dt's and fear for himself, he sends markey out into harms way. no2 and his queen brother immediately grab markey off the street into their car. the scene is titled "the suicide mission". minutes later back at the gang hideout he starts beating markey. "where are the drugs?". markey knows that "in the bin" is not an answer that will help him and remains silent. markey is repeatedly punched in the stomach. eventually markey is vomiting blood (and the cordial) and no2 gives the beating a rest. markey continues to vomit unwatched but can be heard. no2 has a conversation with his brother in an adjacent room. he says "he needs to go to hospital. if he dies here you'll never get those drugs". no2 says "but he might talk (to the authorities) at the hospital". brother says "well he hasn't said anything so far and they will sedate him. we can nab him at the hospital before he wakes up." in agreement no2 returns and picks markey up with both arms to carry him to the car. but what he doesn't know is that markey has vomited up the bloody blade and has hid it between his fingers, also bloodied. markey cuts the jugular vein on his neck. the pressure of the blood hits markey in the face. the amount of blood enormous. no2 involutarily drops markey due to the loss of blood. markey hits the concrete floor, his head making an awful sounding thud. markey is k.oed. another gang member who just arrived has to drag the brother away saying "he's finished, there's nothing you can do." but the brother resists saying "that's my brother in there". hours later markey wakes up covered in blood. no2 is lying next to him dead. the bump on the head results in markey becoming a musical savant. peter gets him checked out by a female ambulance driver, a former disgraced doctor. markey complains of a headache but will be 'alright' in a few weeks. when markey gets bored waiting for peter to finish drinking at a local pub, he imitates a coin operated piano   flawlessly. one patron notices, standing there gop smacked, then another, then finally peter. realising markey's potential peter arranges for him to meet the owner of a night club, "the loft", that has drag queen mime shows. protected by the underworld owner, polish, markey flourishes musically including playing gershwins 'rhapsody in blue' on the piano, tap dancing, and conducting a small orchestra. markey is a sort of producer funding both the band and costumes for the queens with leftover drug money. markey's signature act involves a record of rhapsody in blue being played to the audience. the announcer invites any audience member to put their hand up and at that point the needle is taken of the record and markey continues playing it on the piano. this act is called "markey's musical feats". he stays with one of the queens called paulette. she never has enough food in the house and markey is always hungry. while chatting, paulette talks about the way she feels when up on the stage. when markey examines an old photo of paulette's mother in a wedding dress he remarks "she was beautiful". paulette responds with "all of god's female creations are beautiful" implying that that includes drag queens. later markey repeats this phrase to an elderly priest that has (belatedly) fallen in love with a woman. the priest responds "yes markey, yes they are". as the show runs at a loss markey's money eventually runs out and the show winds up. for the last show treachery is afoot. while markey is performing on stage, a drag queen's hands can be seen re loading markeys revolver with blanks in a room nearby. when the show's over paulette and markey are due to go home but paulette gets held up in an argument with the owner over money. markey tugs on her arm saying "lets go, i'm hungry". eventually paulette says to markey "just go home by yourself, i'll be there soon". unknown to markey several creeps are waiting for him out the back at the bottom of a steel staircase situate a quiet back alley. they wait in anticipation for him. one of them hands around a few hand made cigarettes saying "its a pcp analog, short acting" "it makes you feel invincible". markey emerges from the back stage door and turns to go down the staircase. but on seeing the creeps he turns to re enter the building but finds that there is no handle on the outside of the door. one creep rushes up the the stairs to grab markey. but markey is quick with the revolver and during a brief struggle fires the gun, the first blank round, into his stomach at point blank range. the creep then turns and falls down the stairs, hits his head on the post braking his neck, dead. realising that no one is coming to help him. markey starts his way slowly down the stairs pointing his gun at the creeps as that is his only way to freedom. he does not know that there are only blanks in the gun. one creep says "that was the last show markey. you're no longer under the protection of polish" markey is puzzled by their behaviour and their lack of fear and the zombie look in their eyes. they don't run away but they don't rush markey either. they give markey some space to walk down the stairs and down to the ground level of the alley. but markey never turns his back on them and constantly has his gun pointed at them. they huddle in a group of three rows front to back. markey tries something. he flips open the wheel of the revolver and looks down at the back of the blanks saying "lets see?" (how many rounds are left). this prompts one creep to rush forward in an attempt to grab markey. but markey's reflexes are like lightning thanks to his guncraft training. markey snaps back the wheel putting the barrel to his temple and discharges again at point blank range. this blows the back of his head off and he collapses on the ground. blood and brain scatters on the others who again seem indifferent but a bit wrary of rushing markey. they are balanced between moving forward and moving backward. here markey's specific training kicks in. what the creeps couldn't know is that markey has been instructed to empty the whole wheel, two spent rounds/4 live, after two shots because he can only count to two and peter feels that it is more important for markey to have an accurate account of the rounds saying "you can always pick them off the ground later". after emptying the wheel markey is to reload only two rounds at a time, stopping if necessary to point the gun. back in the alley, markey has two live rounds pointing at the creeps and four empty slots. here we have a game theoretic situation. markey can only shoot two of the seven remaining creeps but none of them want to step forward first. so we have a stalemate. markey says "any other smart arses, anyone at all?" pointing his gun at each of them in turn. moments go by, markey loads another two rounds. now it's 4 rounds to seven creeps. the drug wears off for one creep who says "oh shit" and runs away. now it's 4 rounds to six creeps. markey loads another two rounds. now it's 6 rounds to six creeps. another creep runs off. one foolish young creep says "you know we'll get you eventually markey". markey responds with a round to his temple. eventually the drug wears off for all of them accept one. the man who brought the pcp analog. its just him and markey. he shoots two of his fingers off but is indifferent to the pain. he shoots part of his ear off. still no reaction. now it's a sergio leone moment and the two face off without blinking, markey's concentration is like a laser. the creep blinks first and before his eyes open again markey fires a round into his head. markey is still puzzled and curious. now dead on the ground on his back, markey points the gun at his lifeless body. he really is dead. about an hour later markey is at paulette's door. the lock has been changed. she answers the door and markey says "i'm still hungry". she says "do you have any more money?". markey says "i gave it all to you". "well that teaches you a lesson markey, never blow all your money on a woman" she replies. now markey is broke, hungry, and homeless again. he enters a house in redfern, an aboriginal quarter of sydney, to steal some food. an aboriginal girl his age emerges and they have a kitchen knife fight. (compare kill bill vol 1). but she looks like a crazy 80 year old woman (compare lost horizon). markey manages to get the knife off her and throws it, and his, into an adjacent building. the girl's uncle appears. she has committed the aboriginal sin of not sharing food. two nearby marble statues come to life as young aboriginal women. the four of them have a conference and the decision is that the girl is to be punished. the girl walks up to markey, hands him a small knife, bends over exposing her back, and tells him to get on with it. perplexed at first, markey realises that he has to give her two small jabs in the back, which he does. she now turns back to a little girl again running back to her uncle. markey will meet her again in 30 years. (part two) with markey's dark irish hair and dirty tanned face he is mistaken as an aboriginal boy. he has ceremony with the aborigines at the 'the block', redfern. with his savantism he picks up the complex dance moves that he is shown by the elders first go. markey asks why he can now see the womens' breasts. the elders say that when the white man insisted that aboriginal women cover up, the dreamtime gave aboriginal males (after ceremony) the power to see through clothing as if the women where topless. markey gets in trouble as an adult when an aboriginal woman catches him abusing that power in an amusing scene. (part two). worried about him they assign a protective spirit to watch over him. through dance and chanting they are able induce a quantum computing state in the young charge's brain. this results in markey being unable to tell if the protective spirit/person is real or not. sometimes markey senses that other people can see him when he himself can't. the spirit picks and chooses who can see him. this is called "astrotravel". it is the superimposition of 1 and 0, true and false, real and not real. markey later teaches this to an aboriginal physicist at the unsw quantum computing centre as an adult. (part two) back at the botanical gardens, markey jumps over the wall near man'o'war at low tide because he sees some uniformed police coming. there he finds some gold jewelery that tourists have dropped in the water at high tide. he follows the gold pieces towards the opera house. curious, he enters a storm water drain. always on the look out for a place to sleep, he brakes an old rusty padlock and finds his way into the opera house. he finds a space to sleep under the orchestra stage in the concert hall. it has spare pieces of wood kept for repairs but is otherwise unused. he sleeps there during the day and helps himself to the organ and grand piano at night. he is discovered when during the rehearsals above him he tap dances in time with the beats of the music. the next day he finds carpet has been placed over the wood floor, but also some classical cassettes and a (then) expensive portable tape player, and and xylophone. he meets a young chinese violinist who has been seconded from a medical degree to play with the orchestra when someone goes on leave. she is supportive of markey and arranges for him to have a podium below the stage and a small rectangular window so he can see the orchestra. from here he 'conducts' the orchestra in synchrony with the maestro (chief conductor). when the maestro finds out about this he is not impressed. maestro sets out to scare markey away from his place under the stage. he arranges for the orchestra to rehearse janacek's sinfonetta (1926). he chooses this because of the loud brass and drum parts to scare markey away. at the loud drum parts he gets a base ball bat and starts banging it on the stage floor   almost deranged. he commands to the orchestra "louder (bang), louder (bang)" some of the orchestra start crying but continue playing because they know he has the power sack any of them on a whim. (compare prison orchestra scene from "the good, the bad, and the ugly") but markey remains asleep under the stage impervious to the sounds from above. later maestro plays the final bars of janaceks symphony on the tape player to markey and asks "what do those violins sound like markey?" markey responds "like screaming angels". maestro "precisely". when peter learns that maestro is giving markey a hard time he puts a revolver to the side of his head at a location with the opera house in the background. maestro says, without turning his head, "you must be markey's friend". peter responds by pressing the barrel slightly harder against his head, but is otherwise silent. we never see peter, just the revolver and maestro. maestro says "markey should be home in bed with milk and cookies" when maestro says "how could you possibly give markey the intellectual nourishment he needs?" we see the revolver start to shake. this has unnerved peter. he wants to put a round in his head, but knows that he can't because he knows that maestro is required for markey to advance to a musical career, and deep down he knows it is true. (later in part two we see a flashback where after maestro finishes his last day at the sso he is haunted by aboriginal spirits that pop in a out of view and have red eyes. he drives his car to get away, but it is no use, they appear wherever he goes   astrotravel. in fear, he constantly looks over his shoulder, and as a consequence doesn't pay attention to the road and crashes   dead.) a concert pianist in his mid thirties is also supportive of markey and arranges for his musical savantism him to be filmed and recorded. when the maestro is away he arranges for markey to play 'rhapsody in blue' with the orchestra. this is intensely enjoyable for markey and plays it flawlessly. at the end, the orchestra musicians are like 'stunned mullets' from the virtuosity of his talent. tragically this is the first and last time he plays with the an orchestra. but in the final scene of part two markey 'gatecrashs' the symphony by bribing the organist. word of markey gets all the way to switzerland. the swiss architect of the opera house, alexander olsen, travels to australia to defend markey. he leaves the blueprints where markey sleeps. the next day alex turns up. he says "hello markey, i'm alex". when alex puts his hand to his nose because of his smelly clothes he says "we have to throw out these clothes and get some new ones" markey says "but i have clothes". they spend the day together taking photos of architextural interest in sydney. they find their way to the back of paulette's house and find markey's clothes in a box for the garbage in the back lane. the clothes are emaculately tailored including his stage outfits. alexander parks his car under the harbour bridge. still under the bridge, on their way back to the opera house, they stop for a moment, looking east, to look at his creation from across the water. alex says pondering "whenever i close my eyes markey   i'm there". back at the opera house, they return to the below stage area where they find some officials. they insist that markey can't stay there. alex says "but he's memorised the entire blueprints to the building" but the officials insist. he says "if this boy can't stay (have sanctuary) here, then what am i doing here? why did i build this place?" maestro turns up late at night and offers him a music lesson. he is charming at first but privately he is insanely jeolous of markey's genius. he insists that markey start with practicing scales. maestro says "you have to start with your scales, it's impossible for you not to start with your scales." he then turns away from the piano saying to himself "it can't be possible" (refering to markey's genius) when he goes and comes back with a coffee he discovers markey playing some rachmaninoff. he is furious and says to him "why do you have to play this music" . when markey replies, almost crying "because of the way it makes me feel" maestro starts to slap him around. "how could you (slap) possibly feel the pain (slap) and anguish (slap) that those composers (slap) felt". the scene fades out without seeing the full extent of the beating that markey gets. later that night markey plays widor's organ toccata repeatedly for three hours (compare phantom of the opera) until someone turns off the power. markey puts his head down on the keyboard to rest. when the power is turned on again later a dischordant sound is slowly heard because of his head on the keyboard. the organ has power again. he lifts his head up and we now see the full extent of his facial beating. in shock and exhausted, he collapses on the floor below the keyboard. he has a vision of sister bertrille (the flying nun). because of a draft created by the air conditioning she flies in at the back of the concert hall then all the way up to the organ keyboard and lands there. markey hugs her around the waist and says "are you my mother sister bertrille?". she replies "yes markey, i'm your mother (lying)". the aboriginal spirit appears at this time adjacent to the orchestra stage. he makes eye contact with sister bertrille. later that night the chinese violinist comes back from a night out and finds him there. she gets her medicine bag to treat him. alone with markey in the concert hall, she sobs uncontrollably while cleaning his cut and bloodied face saying. "oh markey, someone got sick and they made me the offer to play with the orchestra. i had to take it markey. i only had one year to go for my medical degree. i didn't tell my parents markey" "i'm all out of saline markey" her tears then drip down on his face. that was the beginning and end of his brilliant musical career. end part one. risks and challenges the main challenge is getting permissions to film at the opera house although, depending on budget, it would be possible to re create it with cgi or sets as there is an accurate 3d computer model of it. the other challenge is casting the young markey. some scenes may have to be done with animation. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 