escription3d printing is a technology that shows great promise in both its ability to scale down the means of production and yet remain a cost effective choice for manufacturing of all kinds. because this technology is still in its infancy, there is a huge opportunity to contribute to its development with innovation and quality that will set a new standard in the industry. we are creadition, a company leading the way in materials development for 3d printing supplies. we are the first 3d printer materials company in puerto rico. our island is on deep economic struggle and we seek to jumpstart its economy by investing locally, providing jobs and base our 3d printing technology operations in the island. our young professionals are leaving the island and we want to keep them from leaving by providing opportunities in the 3d printing industry. anyone who has used a 3d printer is aware of the sensitivities of these machines and the high end calibration required for a perfect print. but often nonstandard and low grade materials end up being the culprit of a bad print job. jammed extruders, nozzle build up, and intermittent extrusion should not interrupt your build process; so we invented the filamento line of high quality 3d printing filaments. creadition has produced seven series of filamento. as well, we are currently developing three new materials that represent a breakthrough in the industry. never before used in the application of 3d printing, these new materials will bring greater choice to this expanding market. your support will help bring about a significant transformation, making 3d printing a more affordable and reliable process for everyone as we continue to lower the barriers to entry of this game changing technology. we want filamento to become the brand name standard in the industry and so creadition is committing itself to these four principles: value quality innovation sustainability we believe 3d printing materials should not be cost prohibitive. increased quality does not need to come at an increased cost to the user. the technology was developed for small scale, short run projects and should remain affordable for small businesses as well as artists and craftspeople. at creadition we are committed to offering the best value product on the market. that means that you will not find a product of comparable quality for a lower price. we want filamento to be accessible to as many users as possible. for this reason filamento will always remain an affordable option for 3d printing manufacturers at any scale. it can be extremely frustrating to find that after many hours of work your print job is sub standard – not due to design flaws but due to: consistency composition purity other attributes of low quality materials we intend to raise the bar for quality materials in the 3d printing industry, defining a new standard of excellence. filamento achieves a more constant temperature, stable material behavior in melted form, uniform extrusion, and more organized structure when the material solidifies. all of this comes together resulting in a perfect print every time. our production process is unique in ensuring the highest standards, brightest colors and sharpest prints. filamento is a product that leaves no residues, no bubbles, and does not contain any foreign or particulate matter. we start by selecting the finest grade raw materials available and have gone to great length to ensure deliver the highest proportion of virgin resins, the purest forms of plastic, the correct mix of components and the truest colors in the spectrum. after the raw materials have been combined, filamento gets processed under the highest possible tolerances utilizing laser instrumentation and high precision measurement tools. we can produce diameters of 1.75mm and 3.00mm within tolerances of less than a hair's width. once it is measured and cut to length, filamento is spooled and packed using a unique process that protects the material against external elements. filamento’s packaging is easy to recognize and we want our identity clearly associated with a product that is unsurpassed in quality. there is currently a gap in the industry where choice of fabricating materials is concerned. in the months and years to come we intend to bring you a wide variety of products, some of which have never before been used in 3d printing. filamento product line is poised for expansion but first we want to gain insight from our customers about existing materials. once you have achieved dramatic results using the coming line of filamento, we hope you will be as excited as us to discover future materials currently under development. your support will help us bring these materials to the world of 3d printing. thoughtful and responsible individuals and organizations are always looking to meet manufacturing practices that protect our environment ; creadition is no exception. we make certain that all of the products we sell are recyclable or reusable. creadition wants to lower carbon emissions by: using recyclable packaging made from recycled material. reducing or eliminating waste from our processes. acquisition of raw materials from environmental aware sources 3d printed objects made from most series of filamento accepted at local recycling centers. reusing water. designing filamento as lees bulky as possible by making packaging light and lean towards reducing the volume and therefore requiring less effort and fuel to handle and transport. having rohs certification which restricts dangerous substances.  Jimmy Fraud  support will allow creadition to keep the research on new methods to reduce the environmental impact from the 3d printing industry. creadition is a newcomer to this new industry, but our products are already generating high interest from a wide variety of industry segments. our prototypes have been refined and are soon to complete a rigorous evaluation and quality control testing program. our raw materials have been sourced and our manufacturing partners are excitedly awaiting the first large capacity orders to be placed. we will work hard to minimize all interruptions and streamline the delivery of orders. take a look at an article written by 3dprint.com we seek your funding to bring our product to the market. an investment from the  Jimmy Fraud  community will enable creadition to provide the most competitive pricing for our filaments by purchasing raw material in greater bulk. funds will be used for: product manufacturing including packaging and raw material acquisitions. marketing.  Jimmy Fraud  rewards. product development. completion of creadition website and online store. keep our research in new materials and bringing them to market. exploring new ways to reduce the impact of 3d printer materials to the environment. become industry's first choice for 3d printer materials. by introducing filamento, creadition has created an experience that enables people to see and feel their ideas by offering the highest variety and quality of materials for the 3d printers. this project not only about creadition and filamento. as the first company in 3d printer materials in puerto rico is our desire to contribute to its economy and stop the emigration of young professionals caused by the difficult economic situation in the island. your support will not only bring filamento to market but will also help us create six quality jobs for young professionals in the coming months, promote 3d printing technology, establish and maintain local operations and many more initiatives that will help economy and promote 3d printing for puerto rico. risks and challenges we are really focused on the consistency, dependability, durability, precision and quality demanded for 3d printers. as we refine our design and move into mass manufacturing, it is imperative to us that we continue this commitment to quality. this phase of growth can be a challenge for any new product; as we make decisions in the coming months about manufacturing and supply chain, quality will be prioritized over expediency and profit. we’ll keep you posted the whole way through, and you can contact us anytime if have any questions about the process or timeline. all delivery dates are estimates and subject to change at any time. however, we assure all our backers that we have a dedicated team behind this campaign working very hard to make this possible. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 