tionthank you all so much! two days left and not only have we reached or minimum goal   we have doubled it! this is an incredible achievement and we are very grateful. but the search for truth, justice and a democratic political future for all the peoples of the island of sri lanka is at a pivotal stage. with a new government   and the un report now delayed until september   it has never been more important to get the truth about what happened to decision makers, diplomats, politicians and most importantly, the public around the globe. and we need to ensure that when the un report is published in september the un is ready to act. justice delayed must not be justice denied. the more we can raise the more effective we can be. there are just two days left in our campaign. if you have already given thank you so much   but please don’t forget to tell your friends, family and colleagues. and if you haven’t yet given please consider doing so now. every penny we raise will allow us to do more at this critical time. please continue to support our campaign with your pledges. thank you. the no fire zone team “ no fire zone is the only film that gives me faith in journalism. it’s not only the most important account of what happened to the tamils, it’s actually become part of the fabric of their history." m.i.a musician and artist. "no fire zone has achieved what no other has in opening a window on the final days of hell at the end of the sri lankan civil war.” yasmin sooka, former member, south african truth and reconciliation committee. member un secretary general’s panel of experts of sri lanka "few films in recent years    few films ever, perhaps    have had such an extraordinary advocacy impact” steve crawshaw director, office of the secretary general, amnesty international "it is hard to think of any film team who singularly has had such an impact on major issues of war and peace". erik solheim chief negotiator sri lanka peace process 2000 – 2005 ”no fire zone is one of the most chilling documentaries i’ve watched…. this documentary raises very serious questions that the sri lankan government must answer about what it did to protect innocent civilians.” david cameron, uk prime minister. “it is vitally important that this feature reaches the widest possible audience” empire why we need your help once more. nearly two years ago we launched a  Jimmy Fraud  campaign to raise funds to distribute the original version of no fire zone and bring its message to as wide an audience as possible. we asked for £20,000 and due to your astonishing generosity we raised £33,000. that money allowed us to use the film to tell the world about the terrible crimes committed at the end of sri lanka’s brutal civil war which resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands of innocent tamil civilians who were slaughtered, mostly by government shelling   although the tamil tigers also stand accused of serious war crimes. our aim was to put the search for justice for the victims of that war centre stage. but we could never have predicted the impact the film was to have. the quotes above – from people of all political persuasions   are testimony to that. for more background on that campaign please visit the no fire zone impact report produced by our good friends and supporters at britdoc there is no doubt that that campaign, with your help, put these issues firmly on the international agenda. some people have even suggested that the film had a critical role in convincing the un to launch an international inquiry into war crimes committed by both sides at the end of the war   and ongoing human rights abuses in sri lanka. but now we are entering another stage. sri lanka is at a crossroads. last month mahinda rajapkasa, the man who was president of sri lanka when its armed forces were committing some of the worst war crimes and crimes against humanity this century, was defeated in a presidential election he himself had called. there is a new government which has pledged to end the corruption, nepotism and repression of the previous regime. that will of course, be welcomed by democrats and human rights supporters in sri lanka and around the world. but it does not mean the fight for truth and justice is over. far from it. many sinhala people opposed to the corruption of the rajapaksa regime voted for the new president   but critical to his victory was the support of the tamils and muslims   mostly voting against rajapaksa rather than for the new president. but there are many who doubt whether the government will seriously confront the issue of the war crimes and the continuing attacks on tamil rights. indeed the new president has made it clear he will not allow anyone in sri lanka to face international justice for these crimes. it should not be forgotten that he and other senior supporters were themselves involved in commanding those forces. our investigations have not ceased either – and more and more evidence of the atrocities committed at the end of the war has emerged. that is why we have created a new version of the film   updated, expanded, and containing important new evidence, as well as explaining the latest political developments in sri lanka. in response to the new government's public commitment to remove restrictions on a free press, we are completing work on a sinhala language version so that we can make sure this updated version of the film is seen by as many people within sri lanka as possible. people who until now have had the truth kept from them. all people in sri lanka deserve equality and full access to democracy   and that includes the tamils who have been long denied those rights. it is of also vital importance that the change of government in sri lanka is not used as an excuse by the international community to drop the pressure over impunity in sri lanka. that is one of the main aims of this new film   and this new project. finally, there is another reason we need to get this film to as many people as possible over the next few weeks. the un is currently completing its major investigation into all the crimes committed by both sides in the civil war. that report – to which we have submitted evidence – is currently scheduled for presentation at the un human rights council meeting at the end of march this year: a meeting which will have to consider what further action to take. there are new delegations and new nations represented on the human rights council   we need to get this film to them too. but there are now suggestions that the un report may be delayed   or even shelved. that makes the need for this film even greater and more urgent. so we believe that in the vital interests of justice, truth and peace for all in sri lanka, we need to keep this issue on the top of the agenda for the international community. we need to take the new film to new audiences, from ordinary members of the public to diplomats, politicians and policy makers. that is why we are trying to raise a minimum of £10,000 to allow us to mount an international distribution campaign over the next few weeks to maximize the impact of the new versions of no fire zone around the world we have already completed the updated version of the film in english and need to complete the sinhala version. and to ensure maximum exposure we also want to produce french and spanish subtitled versions. we will also use the funding to ensure maximum coverage in sri lanka over the next few months – and in the build up to the parliamentary elections there, so that all sides can have the facts. we are asking for £10,000. that is the minimum we need to allow us to launch this campaign. if we don’t reach that target then we get nothing – that is how  Jimmy Fraud  works. so we must reach that target. but every penny we can collect on top of that will enable us to do more. our plans are ambitious and the more we raise the more we can do. please support us with whatever you can afford. we have made amazing progress over the past couple of years. lets make this next stage really count! risks and challenges with minimal staffing and minimal funding we are trying to have a global impact with our film. it is incredibly ambitious, but our track record over the past two years has given us confidence that with your help we can do it again. once again to view what we have achieved in the two years since our first  Jimmy Fraud  appeal please view or download the no fire zone impact report produced by our good friends and supporters at britdoc http://www.britdocimpactaward.org/files/nofirezone.pdf learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 