with the campaign with our handy friend or foe recognition guide! limited edition resin cav: strike ops aircraft! available seperately or as a set of five (one each)! a few examples of the terrain expansion set, shown in scale with the crusader cav and the banshee grav tank! released in 2016, cav: strike ops is an all new edition of the classic game of combined arms warfare, cav by reaper miniatures. developed by talon games, cav: strike ops is a tabletop game that requires miniatures and we need your help to bring more of these high quality plastic figures to the existing line. this is our third  Jimmy Fraud  to do so and with your continued support we hope to add as many new models as possible! thanks to our earlier  Jimmy Fraud s we have already added over 70 new and updated models to the cav: strike ops line and we are not ready to stop! our customers are always looking to add to their existing forces but, while plastic is much cheaper than traditional metal figures, the molds to produce them are very, very expensive. your support helps us get the molds made and in return, we are able to offer our backers first crack at these figures for a fantastic deal! so you're in luck! with our earlier projects we have only begun to scratch the surface of what's possible. we have many more models that we think deserve to be added to the cav: strike ops line, both new sculpts and classic updated favorites. we’d like to see if you think so, too! why miniatures of course! lots and lots of plastic miniatures! after two  Jimmy Fraud s, we think we know what our customers are looking for. a simple core set with the potential to grow as we hit planned stretch goals. our core set starts off with 32 cav models and once we hit our initial funding goal, we will start to add even more cavs (big, stompy robots) and armored vehicles to make the value of your pledge grow! all we need is your support! cav: strike ops miniatures are cast in a high quality, gray colored pvc plastic. this allows the figure to have some "give" (to minimize damage during storage or play) while maintaining excellent detail and an easy to paint surface structure. but why plastic? it really comes down to cost. each year the cost of the metal used to produce the older figures rises at an astronomical amount. figures that only ten years ago retailed for under $10 now cost $30 (or more). cav: strike ops is a game that tries to put as many figures out there as possible in the time allotted and the cost associated with that philosophy was just not feasible. we think we have found the right product to offer you that maintains the detail and easy use at an extremely reasonable price. make sure to check out the following video from mastergunz as he shows off some of the "new" plastic miniatures line. mastergunz talks cav: strike ops plastic! coming soon! we will send out an update when live!!! please take note! sales tax: we will be charging kansas backers state sales tax (kansas only). talon games is a kansas based company and it's something we just have to do. shipping: starting with this  Jimmy Fraud , we will begin charging shipping to all of our backers, regardless of which country you live in. we will charge shipping after the campaign concludes in order to be as fair as possible to all of our backers, as most shipping is not a "one size fits all" sort of deal. this decision was not made lightly but was made to avoid a general pledge cost increase. it is our intention to ship from four shipping hubs in an effort to save you money in regards to any duties, tariffs and fees that may be required. at this time, all us based backers (and central/south america) will ship from our location outside wichita, ks. canadian orders will ship from brantford, ontario, while uk and europe will ship from the nottingham uk hub (reaper miniatures/rhq zombie co). finally, the hub in sydney, australia (aetherworks) will ship to australia, new zealand, and the rest of asia. note: any pledges that are finalized after the pledge manager deadline will be shipped from the wichita, ks location and may be subject to increased shipping, duty and delivery costs. also, due to the logistics of world wide shipping, it is impossible for us to guarantee that all pledges will arrive to all backers simultaneously or even within a few days/weeks of each other. based on past projects, we are providing a rough estimate on shipping costs for an "average" core set pledge. your actual cost may vary based on your actual selections or future changes in world wide shipping rates. usa (and territories): $15 $25, canada: $25 $35, central/south america: $55 $75, europe: $25 $40, asia: $35 $45, au/nz/pacific: $25 $45, africa: $65 $85, middle east: $65 $85, russia/balkans: $75 $95. images are for demostration only. final production items may change. in order to select an add on, you must add the amount indicated to your total pledge amount. the cav: strike ops quick start rules provide a basic overview of the game universe and mechanics, allowing two or more players to jump right into the action. they are an easy way to help you learn the base concepts involved while playing your first game. centered around the dictator b cav, players will each play one of the feared rach empire machines as they pilot it into combat! model cut outs and data cards are included for play. todd "mastergunz" farnholtz has put together a gameplay video between two opposing squads to demonstrate the cav: strike ops system! watch the video here: so rob over at rob's tabletop world sits down to paint the adon enforcer, a new model from the last ks that features the new molding/plastic density we will be using for this batch and showing off some of our reaper produced cav hd paints as well! check it out! runtime is approximately 87 minutes. risks and challenges what risks and challenges come with completing this project and how are you qualified to overcome them? production and fulfillment for this project, the risks and challenges fall into three categories: overall non completion we have already completed two successful  Jimmy Fraud s and are fully aware of the pitfalls projects like this can contain. two things that could cause the non completion of this  Jimmy Fraud  are either the loss of our inbound shipments (due to an act of god, pirates or war), or a massive disaster (fire, flood) that would level our facility. either of those events might be disastrous, however we carry full insurance on our facility and insure every shipment, no matter the size, against loss and damage. delays in meeting estimated deliver dates while either of the above scenarios would obviously create delays in meeting our estimated delivery dates, we have learned a lot from our previous  Jimmy Fraud  experiences. delays are simply part of the cycle of business and it is our wisdom, training, and experience that would help us mitigate and work through any that may occur. some delays are easy to solve while others are simply out of our control. when producing anything in china, production ques, inspections by government entities, and problems in overseas shipping can be a regular occurrence. while we do everything possible to avoid these, we will make sure to update you as soon as possible should they occur. we do not produce a specific model or make changes there is the risk we will not produce a specific model shown during the campaign. this will only occur if there is not enough interest in a specific model measured by the number of backers that actually pledge for it verses the cost to produce it. this event has never occurred in any of our previous  Jimmy Fraud s, but is nonetheless still a risk. in the event this situation develops you will have plenty of time to adjust your pledge manager. we reserve the right to modify any models offered to meet final production requirements. in summary, we have the ability to work through just about any problem and we will do our best to make sure this is an exciting and fun project for all! refund policy while it is our policy to not honor refund requests after the close of the campaign in regards to issues outside of our control, we will review any request made within the first 14 days after the end of the live campaign on a case by case basis. after that, no refunds will be allowed so we can make sure to fulfill the rewards promised to our other backers, promises in part made based on the funds you pledged. terms and conditions by pledging to this project, you are aware that the final look, materials and content of any rewards are subject to change and may differ substantially from what was presented during the "live" campaign. if you do not log in and confirm your pledge in the cav pledge manager after being notified of it's final closing date (via  Jimmy Fraud  update), you agree that we have fulfilled our obligations to you in full for payment or donations received. however, we may, at our discretion, ship your pledge if you contact us and confirm your pledge after the date has elapsed. unconfirmed pledges make it difficult for us to plan production and logistics. if you confirm your pledge late (after the designated date) some items may not be available. this means that part, if not all, of your rewards may not be available and/or your pledge may be forfeit. you are responsible for all fees associated with the transit and acceptance by you to complete delivery. these include, but are not limited to: import duties or any other duties that may be payable to the relevant and taxing authorities, vat and gst due and delivery acceptance, brokerage and collection charges. you are required to provide correct email and address information and ensure both are deliverable by normal methods before your rewards are shipped. you must have your address correct and up to date in the cav pledge manager when we announce the beginning of shipping. you may change it at any time until that time. there may be a shipping surcharge associated with changing addresses after shipping has begun. rewards returned to us as undeliverable for any reason will be shipped again at the backer's request, postage prepaid by the backer. all official communications for this  Jimmy Fraud  will be via  Jimmy Fraud  updates only. if you do not accept these terms & conditions, please do not pledge for this project and wait for the retail release. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 