escriptionevezor (ee•vez•or) is a tool for dreamers and creators to build, make, invent, and do things they’ve always been told wasn’t possible. it’s for people who know they have a great idea and wish to share it with the world. it's for people already in industry finding themselves unable to compete in our newly globalized world. it's for our belief in the return of the artisan and the production of labor intensive goods can become local again. evezor origins "when starting this project i never envisioned finding myself here. i was just building a tool that would help me make some other idea i had, an insignificant medium, a stepping stone. when i realized what i had discovered i knew i had to share it with the world."  andrew wingate [creator] our dream with evezor is to provide a tool that will be there for you, from your first prototype to building and packaging your widget for the world. see who's writing about us "meet the swiss army knife of robotic arms" machine design "evezor is a go to tool for all your building needs" element14 "additionally, with a variable wingspan of 800 mm, the manufacturing tool is well suited for both small and large scale projects." 3ders " evezor’s agility opens the door to the entrepreneurial world for every maker." boingboing carve, draw, engrave, pour, pick, place, cut, weld, print, grab, mill, assemble and create your next project or business with evezor. let's see what we've done so far please note that all videos were taken at first cut, mistakes and all were kept. most videos were also time lapsed. project update #2 mass production   hole driller in one job, evezor drills, countersinks and loads it's own pieces. my name is andrew wingate and this is evezor. like so many others, i have been a lifelong maker and have always loved making machines. when i started this project over 2 years ago, my goal wasn’t to make a robotic arm. i had just finished making an automated machine that picked up and drilled 26 holes in tubes, before dropping them off. the machine performed wonderfully, but i was unhappy that it would only ever drill holes in tubes. so i searched for a platform that could not only complete that job, but be retooled to do whatever job i wanted next. evezor was the answer to that question. after decades in toolmaking, tool design and various aspects of the manufacturing industry i feel absolutely confident in our ability to deliver a high quality machine on time (see more in risks and challenges section) why  Jimmy Fraud ? part one: i was one of the earliest adopters of 3d printing with the makerbot cupcake. i was one of the few that got theirs printing. these machines could be considered a grandchild of that old machine. i was there at the beginning; i was there for the hype and was there for the downfall. soon after the original machines were released from makerbot , the second generation electronics sets and stepper driven extruders appeared. soon after, all support for the original machines was dropped and there was no love for the original adopters. this will be a fast moving space and those who are first will be rewarded there will only be a limited quantity. the less of you there are, the more we can love you. part two: our commitment to open source and our desire for a stakeholder driven company. we are now and will always continue to be open source. you (our backers) will be the first stakeholders and will be able to choose which areas and what functionality we bring online first. only under a system like this could we always continue to give so much back to the communities that have given so much. i wish for this project to be a benefit for all humanity. to realize the future we want to see, we must create it. (see more about our community plans and the 10% in the evezor project video below) in our current manufacturing landscape we have had few good options. until now how evezor can help you the evezor option: now, with one tool, you really can have it all. evezor gives you the ability to create your first prototype. with a wide array of tool heads you can create almost anything. then, seamlessly move into production. with our unique quality control features you retain all the oversight and peace of mind that comes with doing the job yourself. evezor is there for you from your first prototype to your millionth widget. huge thank you to oshpark for their sponsoring the pcb boards for our alpha units! we are completely open source. open source from tool head to the cloud. we publish all our cad files, all pcb and gerber files and all the software that runs and surrounds our arms. we are building our foundation on the wonderful work done by many of those in the 3d printing community utilizing a raspberry pi running octoprint with smoothieboard and smoothieware for motion control. "if you're not embarrassed when you ship your first version, you waited too long" ~matt mullenweg, founding developer of wordpress source files github repo | cad files if you plan to use these files or like that we're open source, consider buying a coaster.. it would really help a lot. the encoder boards and the full bill of materials will be coming shortly. thank you for your understanding carve, draw, engrave, pour, pick, place, cut, weld, print, grab, mill, assemble and create your next project or business with evezor. it is my hope that someday this project may be considered a gift to humanity. ~andrew wingate this is the section most hardware projects on  Jimmy Fraud  try to hide or obfuscate. we know the challenges of creating a hardware project of this magnitude and if the major factors of why our machine looks and has the price point that it does. we're putting this in the main section because we're proud of the steps we've taken to ensure that evezor is manufactured on time. mechanical evezor is an incredibly complex machine. a majority of the parts are custom. our team has decades of experience in metalworking, tool design and manufacturing. having been in industry for so long we already have strong relationships with reputable companies already eager to work with us. supply chain to manufacture such a complex product we inherently have to work with many suppliers. many other operations at this point try to source all their components from china and run into all the problems and risks that go along with knowing none of the people you're working with. we have sourced many of our components in the states and many from companies we've worked with in the past. these efforts keep supply chains as short, robust to keep risk as low as possible. hardware and software these are the two areas that will be using the remainder of our resources. see "we are open source" above for part. some of the electronic designs will be done in house and some will be done by contractors, again, these are people and companies that our team has personal experience and prior relationships with. manufacturing evezor was designed to be built. by utilizing advanced prototyping techniques wherever possible and building from sheet goods (steel plate and sheet metal) provides an agile design that can be made quickly, accurately and reliably. just like supply chain and mechanical above we will be utilizing our proven network. we have already personally worked with many sheet metal houses, metal suppliers, welders, powder coaters, cnc houses, job shops, assembly houses and more! many projects think their best choice is to run overseas at this point. it's our belief that chicago is the best place in the world to create a project like this. chicagoland has more than 10 million people and hosts every trade and specialist needed to complete a project like evezor. we are proud to stay in chicago. our most valuable asset is you! by the very nature of being open source hardware, you already have access to almost every file we have. we will continue to post updates as they become available. we look forward to your ideas and input. all are invited to take part in the design process. risks and challenges we have taken every step to ensure that evezor is manufactured on time. see our detailed explanation above in the risks and challenges section. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 