criptionwhat makes photonicz one so special? photonicz one is a fundamentally different camera light. it is the first led based strobe to combine all advantages of traditional strobe technology with all of the advantages offered by modern leds. even the latest generation traditional strobes and led lights have hamstrung photographers with lack of power, cumbersome recycle times, and various other limitations. photonicz one leverages patent pending technology to outpace any other solution on the market today, while also delivering new features and capabilities impossible to achieve with traditional strobe technology. photonicz one is the first strobe to take full advantage of current and future generations of cameras, and it gives you new and exciting tools to liberate your creativity in totally new ways. photonicz one turns many of the current industry standard concepts on their heads. from the bottom up, we’ve built an entirely new platform from which we’ve already stepped beyond the capabilities of any other camera light. new technology makes for unprecedented lighting control we’ve packed so many “world’s first” features and capabilities into photonicz one, making it tough to know where to start. so, here’s a snapshot of what makes photonicz one unique. • portable & weather sealed : weight saving aluminum alloy allows us to make photonicz one the smallest full featured strobe on the market, and its unique weather sealing opens up new locations and shooting scenarios never before possible (for example, rain or snow is no longer going to prevent you from using your strobes). • unprecedented power : this tiny strobe can deliver over 121000 full power flashes (equivalent to more than 2,500ws under various conditions) on a single charge, with no need for ac power. photonicz one gets more than 121000 full power flashes on a single charge • app based touch screen interface : photonicz one eschews the traditional knobs and buttons for a modern touch screen interface complete with one touch lighting setups and settings presets. • app based remote : the photonicz remote features an oled display and built in light meter that can automatically adjust exposure settings for you (see below for more on adding the optional remote to your backer package). the photonicz remote can also connect to android and ios phones via an app for even more functionality. • max range wireless sync : photonicz one can wirelessly synch to your camera from up to a kilometer away (that’s roughly 3000 feet for us americans), and can be triggered individually or as part of a group with more than a hundred strobes at very low latency. • bowens s compatible accessory mount : photonicz one is compatible with bowens s type speedring inserts, so if you already have modifiers, all you likely need is change your speedring insert and you are good to go. • universal batteries : powerful long lasting v lock batteries can power other gear as well as your photonicz one. • lifetime software and hardware updates : not only will you receive all the firmware updates for free, but our modular hardware design will allow us to offer upgrades to legacy hardware effectively extending the lifetime of your photonicz one well beyond your original purchase. never before possible features unlock new creative possibilities while most photographers will be excited to shed the constraints of today’s traditional strobes and limiting led solutions, the giant step forward we’ve taken with photonicz one also allowed us to build some truly exciting new features into the light, such as: • instacharge – zero recycle time : with photonicz one’s instacharge capability, our strobe can fire as quickly as your camera can operate its shutter with zero recycle time, even at full power every time you‘d like. • truepower – unheard of high speed sync: photonicz one offers the world’s first truepower feature allowing photographers to synch at motion stopping speeds up to 1/50,000th of a second or as slow as 1/10th of a second. you can now control the power and speed of your strobe for unprecedented light output and creative images. • truesync – native camera compatibility : our truesync technology ensures that photonicz one can adjust its flash duration dynamically to the needs of your camera system, enabling communication with most canon, nikon, sony, pentax, fuji, panasonic, olympus, hasselblad, and phaseone cameras. swapping between camera bodies in the middle of a shoot is now seamless, and if you ever change systems, all you’ll need is a new remote. it’s that simple. • photoniczsync – built in high performance wireless: our proprietary 2.4 ghz rf system offers numerous redundancies to ensure maximum range and compatibility with the most demanding camera systems available today. • hsspro – next gen high speed sync : our ability to seamlessly control power and flash duration enables photonicz one to perfectly sync with the camera’s shutter at up to 1/32,000th of a second, resulting in the best possible exposure no matter what system you are using or what shutter speed you are shooting. • truttl – actual ttl metering : photonicz one offers the world’s first truettl, which eliminates the simulated pre flash that other strobes require to deliver more accurate exposure results. knowing how your images will look even before you take the shot will change how you work. • truebracket – flash bracket multiple exposures : the world’s first truebracket technology allows shooters to bracket exposure with the strobe output rather than shutter speed, aperture, or iso alone, which means no lag between exposures for crisp hdrs and much reduced post processing for images where you combine multiple bracketing approaches. • varispeed – variable flash output : photonicz one’s varispeed can adjust the flash duration based on the shutter speed you select. unlike traditional solutions which only enable the strobe to reduce flash duration at the cost of power output, varispeed can extend the flash duration, effectively contributing more artificial light to your exposure. this effectively raises the output equivalent to levels impossible to achieve with traditional technology. • varishape & varipattern – customize light shape and emission patterns: with varishape, if you can imagine a shape photonicz one can recreate that light pattern for creative lighting possibilities; while varipattern allows complete control over the emission pattern of the leds. compact, lightweight, durable…all in the world’s first weather sealed strobe photonicz one is tiny compared to other professional lighting solutions on the market measuring in at only 12.5 x 12 x 9 cm for the main body (or 4.9 x 4.7 x 3.5 inches)! it’s built from a lightweight aircraft aluminum alloy to resist impact and ensure the 1.6 kg / 3.53 lbs strobe fits neatly into your travel kit. when you can take true strobe capabilities anywhere you’d like, you’ll be amazed with the new creative opportunities you can realize, and so we also designed photonicz one to be the first weather and dust sealed strobe in the world. shooting your next magazine cover in the rain? no problem, photonicz one will be there with you. photonicz one compared portable power & swappable batteries photonicz one offers unprecedented power, meaning a single strobe can now do the work of several. with our custom led module design, photonicz one can create the equivalent light output of a 2500+ws strobe during certain exposures. this available lighting power in such a small strobe, with no need for ac power is opening up new creative possibilities for all types of photographers and on almost any location imaginable. captured with photonicz one   © janet bark photography another part of the advancements made with photonicz one is our unique approach to how we provide power to the light itself. instead of relying on proprietary batteries that can fail and are expensive to purchase, we designed photonicz one to be flexible when it comes to power options. we will initially launch with a v lock battery plate but plan to add many more power options in the future. v lock accessories are common place on professional sets and they are universal, so a v lock battery can be used with photonicz one as well as many other products. v mount batteries work on many devices world’s first color touch screen interface we can’t stand knobs, buttons, dials, and confusing menus, so we’re introducing the first full color touch screen interface for a strobe. using a large 2.8 inch full color screen makes photonicz one super intuitive to use and allows us to add additional functionality through software updates. once you have worked with the photonicz one touch screen, you will probably ask yourself how you could ever have lived without one. customizable color touch screen next gen wireless sync & our app based remote photoniczsync, our proprietary 2.4 ghz rf system, pushes the envelope with a range of up to 3000 feet (almost 1 km), under ideal conditions and in open space. this system is able to control hundreds of lights simultaneously without interference, has extremely low latency, provides fail safe and automatic retransmission in challenging environments, and enables high speed sync on more systems than any other option on the market. just like photonicz one, the photonicz remote is the remote control re imagined. an easy to read oled display provides clear status information at a glance and more importantly, the interface for our soon to be released ios and android apps. these apps support over the air updates, and full control of all the features offered by the photonicz system. the photonicz app also allows users to save settings presets, switch seamlessly between light shapes (with our varishape feature) and pattern (with our world’s first varipattern capability). just draw a shape the photonicz remote will also be available for more cameras than any other remote. we are now programming and testing for fujifilm, sony, canon, nikon, pentax, panasonic, olympus, hasselblad and phaseone. initially each remote will offer hsspro (our proprietary high speed sync) compatibility, with other features gradually added via free software update (such as truttl, ttl, special modes and some other yet to be announced new features on which we are already working). photonicz remote on camera the photonicz remote is also the first remote with a built in incident light and color meter, enabling you to adjust light output automatically, create ratios, and accurately combine ambient with fill light, all right from the compact handheld unit. the integrated design enables fully automatic modes not possible with any other lighting solution. to add the photonicz remote to your rewards, please increase your pledge by $150 for each remote you want to add (eventual msrp at retail is expected to be $299). if you do not add a photonicz remote, you will still be able to trigger your photonicz one with any other remote trigger through our remote trigger input, but you’ll be missing out on all the amazing app capabilities and support, so we highly recommend adding one. high speed sync for a high speed strobe although there are many strobes out there that offer high speed sync and super short flash durations today, their aging technology also significantly limits flash speed and power output. photonicz one introduces hsspro, which takes a fundamentally different approach to controlling flash duration at any power setting. with our proprietary technology, you can achieve extremely short flash durations of up to 1/50,000th of a second at any power setting! thanks to hsspro, photonicz one is also the world’s first strobe to optimize flash duration during high speed sync, to deliver better and more consistent results than any other strobe technology today, regardless of camera make or sensor size! photonicz one works equally well on focal plane, electronic, and leaf shutter cameras. photonicz one hsspro for even illumination native compatibility with all major camera brands photonicz one is also the first strobe that can work with cameras from canon, nikon, sony, pentax, fuji, panasonic, olympus, hasselblad, and phaseone without any compromise. instead of buying a new strobe each time you switch cameras, all you need is the corresponding remote from us to add full compatibility. if you shoot with multiple camera brands, you can also swap between camera bodies mid shoot! please note that we will introduce the corresponding remotes based on demand, meaning that the units with the greatest demand will release first, followed by those that are less popular. a simple speed ring for swapping modifiers and accessories when it came to light modifiers, we wanted to adopt a system that is readily available, provides reliable connection, supports heavy modifiers, and enables us to use a wide variety of light shapers as well as our own custom designed accessories for photonicz one. after testing various options, we created our own bowens s type adaptor, so using your existing modifiers with photonicz one is as simple as swapping a speed ring. our unique design allows you to use photonicz one in a shoot through or shoot into configuration and, because we only use aircraft grade aluminum, you can use the heaviest modifiers out there without having to worry about the light buckling under the load. photonicz speedring lock free lifetime app & firmware upgrades we mentioned earlier that we want photonicz one to be the only light you’ll ever need, and to stand by this promise we’re including free lifetime software updates for all of our products. we designed photonicz one to be the most powerful and feature rich strobe for photography today, but we are already working on many additional features that have not been completed at product launch. so, we’re going to make those available as free updates to all existing customers once these features have been validated. usb port for firmware updates unlike other strobes that can be virtually obsolete the day after your purchase, our intention is to be able to improve the product over time, so that the photonicz one you’ll buy in six months will have just as many features as the one you buy today. instead of selling you a new product each time we come up with a new idea, we’d rather you love the product you already have! wireless firmware update of course, hardware limitations are always a concern as well. the more creative we get with features and functions, the faster we approach those technical limitations. so we’ve designed photonicz one as a modular concept. if we change power supplies, we can do so on existing units as well as future models. if we need to upgrade some processing capability, we can do so by swapping out the processor board, and so on. we really want you to love and use your photonicz one for many years to come, regardless of where camera technology goes from here, or what new features we might come up with over the years. that’s our commitment to you. assembled in america with five year warranty while we cannot guarantee that photonicz one will never fail, every design decision we’ve made started out with quality and durability as our priority. to back up that pledge, we are offering an industry leading limited five year warranty. no kidding! to meet our self imposed high quality standards, we control the engineering, design, and assembly processes right here in the united states. yes, photonicz one units are made with parts sourced in the us and from all over the world, but more importantly, all critical components are either custom made or built to our specifications. engineered and assembled in the usa our definition of quality also extends to how consistently photonicz one performs from shot to shot and throughout its entire power range. with a light color rendering index of 95+, photonicz one offers consistent color temperature across the entire power range, regardless of flash duration for beautiful colors on all of your images (many other brands can have several hundred kelvin variations between power settings and even between consecutive exposures). ready for manufacturing we realize that many crowdfunding campaigns lack an understanding of the difficulties involved with producing a product in volume. making one unit of something is quite easy, but doing so reliably for hundreds or thousands of units is challenging. we’ve seen others run into issues with their campaigns because when the realities of sourcing and mass production approach, they discover that their designs may not be ready and the cost for redesigns soars suddenly. to make sure that we are not making the same mistakes, photonicz one has been designed with manufacturing in mind from day one. we require our manufacturing partners to follow iso9001 or higher certifications and have extensive quality control in place. we ensure consistent design and quality standards by keeping everything as close to us as possible. while our parts are sourced from all over the world, photonicz one is assembled in the united states. by keeping design, engineering, and assembly in the us, we have full control over any aspects going into the final product, but also are much better equipped to scale production quickly. serial #1   the first photonicz one production unit ahead of schedule timeline photonicz timeline why we need your help we have created photonicz one because no similar product exists today and we wanted a solution tailored to the needs of all types of photographers at any skill level. by doing so, we not only had to reinvent the strobe, but also the very idea of what photographers must expect from their tools. instead of compromising functionality and design, we created photonicz one to be the best strobe technically possible today, and as a result, developed and tested a product that is far superior to any other strobe currently on the market. with more than a year in development, thousands of hours spent on designing, engineering, prototyping, testing, and refining, we’ve created photonicz one without compromise. we now need to make custom tools, apply for and verify certifications to meet regulations, and setup production and assembly. with your help, we will be able to finalize packaging, purchase quality assurance and manufacturing tools, and establish support and warranty systems. shipping shipping is calculated automatically and flat rate based on where we will have to ship your unit, no exceptions. all units sold and shipped to an address in california will include california sales tax, shipments to all other states or countries will not include any duty or local taxes. please keep in mind that many countries impose taxes or duty upon import. we will take every care to declare your items properly and to avoid confusion, but whether duty or taxes are assessed is entirely out of our control and only depends on your local laws and regulations. risks and challenges when we first started to work on the photonicz one we made sure that everything we designed could be mass produced and assembled reliably. as a result, we’ve built close relationships with suppliers over the past year who supported us in our prototyping efforts but also provided design guidance for various components so that they can make them quickly while maintaining very high quality. unlike many projects that start to think about mass production once they are successfully funded, our product is final and our supply chain has vetted all designs. in fact, the most important components we used during prototyping are based on production designs in order to get a real feel for fit and finish, but also valuable feedback on their performance. although we added some buffer to the schedule we set for delivering the first rewards to backers, there are events outside of our control, which could result in delays. for example, if one of the mass production tools we have made fails to work as intended and has to be redone, it may cause a delay of several weeks. although we did extensive pre production evaluation and sampling, having a tool fail is always a possibility. we do not expect tools to fail or having supply chain issues during the fulfillment part of this campaign, but we want to be frank when saying that these things could happen and if they do, they will be completely out of our control; despite our best effort and extensive planning ahead of the product introduction. rest assured that we are committed to communicate openly about the production progress, any issues that may arise during fulfillment, and to deliver your reward as quickly as possible and on time. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 