e the dekalb sycamore community had a change in its food culture, it all starts with the doghouse dekalb  niu's first ever food truck providing students with real world experience! together, lets build something niu students, alumni, faculty/staff and community can control, customize and most of all consume  one grilled cheese sandwich at a time! roughly 60 miles northwest of chicago, lives a university that is the heartbeat of a city. dekalb is an amazing place known for the invention of barbed wire, hometown of cindy crawford, ever flowing fields of corn and now  the doghouse dekalb. who are we? we are huskies (woof!). we are 3 alum (2 student athletes, 1 student trustee) with a passion for food, service and social entrepreneurship trying to make a difference  one bite at a time. jordan, elliot, keith the innovative hungry huskies inc. is a small start up group of young entrepreneurs looking to influence leadership among niu through student career success; impact lives by providing opportunity to current & former students looking for real world experience; and finally, improve social involvement through service initiatives thus the birth of our 1st endeavor, the doghouse dekalb. where will we be? (see map below) food tour (stops at barsema, dorm annex & hsc) the doghouse dekalb is going to tour the university campus throughout the day in high traffic areas. everyone will be able to locate and/demand tdh via social media during hours of operations. we want to be where you all want us to be. what are we serving on the doghouse dekalb? (question of the day, huh?) mmmmmmmm;) gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches, specialty french fries, tomato basil soup, fruit and vegetable juices. niu president, doug baker eating his signature sandwich "the prez" how will the doghouse dekalb look? (sketch and pics) we are working with a vendor out of florida who sources and outfits concession trailers for a living. this company has completed over 100 different projects from trailers to double decker busses, and we are excited to work with them to bring the doghouse dekalb to life. below are a few photos of our prototype. additionally, we are going to partner with fellow niu alum to wrap tdh in the most creative way, possible. outside view of tdh inside view of tdh serving window tdh sink a visual sketch hows does the niu community feel about the doghouse dekalb? (yes, we have made headlines) niu alumni association   > http://myniu.com/blog/whos in the doghouse/ huskiewire/ dekalb chronicle  > http://www.huskiewire.com/articles/2014/10/16/46e8e612fab642baa287bd0310e12058/index.xml niu northern star (student paper)     > http://northernstar.info/campus/article_670a2ec8 536d 11e4 93a9 001a4bcf6878.html niu northern star pt.2   > http://northernstar.info/dekalb_scene/article_6496ec6c 41f7 11e4 bc30 0017a43b2370.html where did this idea come from? (the backstory) tdh family our story is similar to so many great start ups out there. a few friends in college had a dream of bringing something back to campus to directly prove to our instructors, alumni network, current & future students and most of all, ourselves that creating a business is really possible. as students, we were limited to a few choices. dining halls weren't the best decisions and neighboring restaurants menus were too expensive or inconveniently location off campus. so we decided to take our talents, recently acquired degrees and maximize our resources to solve this problem. so we brainstormed and strategically planned on how we could influence the next wave of thinkers and leaders in college, then the idea came to us  the doghouse dekalb. we immediately knew that this was something we had to do. as soon as we spoke it to life, put in the work, did the research and began meeting with people to see if they thought this was even possible, the energy proved to be a resounding yes! at that moment, we knew that we were going to do it and here we are. we began planning our "soft launch" during homecoming weekend and coupled with the support of administration, we were able to unveil our concept on campus and the response was immaculate. everyone loved what they tasted and wants to have us on campus in a full time capacity. our goals are to build 1 truck into multiple trucks with different concepts, expand on menu items and ultimately allow students to operate them for experience in various roles, depending on specific majors. to date, have solidified partnerships with jewel osco (neighborhood grocer) and feed em soup community kitchen (501c.3) to tie in our social impacting initiatives.these working relationships are only a benchmark to solid proof this innovative concept will be successful. we celebrate these existing partnerships and are elated to foster expanding relationships. conclusion in closing, we want to thank you in advance for your continued support. niu has presented each and everyone involved with our business venture, an opportunity to impact the world and we want to change lives one bite at a time with the doghouse dekalb. tdh fam risks and challenges inevitably we will run into challenges and/or risks but like many of life's obstacles, we will prevail. some other factors are : inclement weather, only 1 truck (for now), campus activity in the summer and activities outside of campus. additional factors are at play here, as well. there are permits, contractors, business partnerships that are all being fleshed out right now. one would be naive to think that this project will not suffer any setbacks. but, we have planned for all of these factors and will respond accordingly. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 