he heck do i do with my life?" you're not alone...an entire generation of young adults admits to feeling stuck or lost. millions of 20  and 30 somethings are struggling to find (and prepare for) a successful and purpose filled career. purposematch helps people get unstuck. it’s not necessarily about finding that one perfect thing to do with the rest of your life…though we’ve seen that happen. it’s about taking exciting, intentional steps in a direction that fits with who you are and what you’re all about. first, our sparx purpose discovery system (developed in collaboration with a leading psychometrics expert at pepperdine u) helps you think about your purpose in a practical, relatable way. then, we’re creating a purpose based map of the world to match you with real opportunities to live and further explore that sense of purpose. we’re on  Jimmy Fraud  because we need your help to make that possible! we didn’t set out to create a software company…or even a solution for finding “purpose.” our story didn’t even begin with an idea. it began with some really cool moments that we didn’t fully understand. we had a life coaching and college admission counseling business, and we sat with hundreds of young people, digging into their stories and looking for patterns, connections, and unrealized potential. soon, sparks began to fly. we saw these young people come alive as we reflected possibilities they hadn’t seen before – careers, extracurricular activities, and college options that fit with who they were and what they cared about, but that they hadn’t considered. the sparx system as we dug into those amazing moments, we found that there were four major factors involved: what they were good at (strengths), what they loved doing (passions), the needs in the world they most wanted to impact (we called this “awareness”), and their style of working with others (relationships). where these four factors intersected and collided, people found exciting opportunities to live their best lives and reach their fullest potential, and we called this intersection the magic “x.” it was then that we realized we had a meaningful and scalable coaching system – the sparx system. and it was also then that we realized we had a useful way of thinking about purpose. what is purpose? to be clear, we don’t claim to be the authority on the question of human purpose, and that question can’t really be answered apart from your philosophy of life and your understanding of the divine. but with apologies to the 90s movie “simon birch” and the john irving novel that inspired it, we don’t think purpose is necessarily about finding that one specific thing you’re supposed to do, or that one job you’re supposed to have. we believe purpose is about living in a particular way. it’s about journeying through life with intentionality, aware of the intersections between what you offer, what you hope for, and what the world needs…and acting on that awareness. any time you’re doing what you’re good at and what you love, to meet an important need in the world, alongside people that bring out the best in you, you’re living with purpose. and check out what npr is saying about the positive effects of a purpose filled life! this can happen in a job, of course, and ultimately we’d love to see everyone get into a job that fits their sense of purpose as much as possible. but it can also happen through volunteer work or other extracurricular activities. it can even happen through the process of preparing yourself for a particular kind of job. if you’re taking classes or reading books that fit with your sense of purpose, we believe you’re living with purpose. our hope is that you – like our former coaching clients – can find those a ha moments, where you think, “wow – i could do that job!” or…”i could do this in my spare time!” or “i could take this class, or go to that college! i’ve never thought about it that way, but that would be a great fit for me!” and we hope that these discoveries lead to further exploration and give rise to other meaningful, purposeful discoveries. and truthfully, we want that for you whether it happens through our product or not. :) you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 now, it's possible to do this on paper…just write down your strengths, passions, awarenesses, and relationship style, and ask yourself, what could i do with that? what kind of college classes would fit? what kind of job would allow me to lean into each of those factors? but several people told us they didn’t really know what they were good at, what they loved to do, etc., and several told us they just didn’t know what kinds of opportunities were out there. and a workbook can’t help you connect with other people that share your sense of purpose. so we decided to create purposematch.com. the research first, we did our research. we studied everything from aristotle to the bible to contemporary diagnostics to come up with a categorized list of core strengths – and not just “workplace” strengths – all strengths. we spent months on wikipedia and google compiling an 8,000+ item list of human passions, which we then divided into a manageable list of core passion categories. we studied maslow, max neef and others to come up with the core list of human needs that drives the “awareness” section. and we delved into human relationship research – particularly the well established “big five” model – to come up with the basis for our “relationship” section. part i: sparx purpose discovery   (development built) then, we partnered with a leading psychometrics expert, dr. steven rouse of pepperdine university, to come up with a series of engaging activities that help people identify their unique s, p, a and r. we worked hard to create activities that were psychometrically valid, while also using the latest in software design principles to make them novel and engaging. strengths section top strengths results passions section part ii: the "x"   living your purpose   (needs to be built) the "x" is where it all comes together   where we help you understand your purpose profile and start living it. you'll find valuable information, questions, and exercises that help you think about key next steps in your life. but unlike other self discovery tools out there, we'll also show you real possibilities for living your unique purpose profile. imagine if you could see an ever evolving list of jobs that fit your sense of purpose in life …or online classes that offer exactly what you need to prepare you to reach your full potential…or if you could pick a college less on geography and price, and more on what the campus offers and how it can help you live your purpose…or if you moved to a new town and could immediately connect with volunteer opportunities and events that aligned perfectly with who you are and what’s important to you. that’s what our purpose based map of the world is all about! career purpose brainstorming purpose matches free & premium paths it's important to us that everyone who visits purposematch.com finds value in the experience, so both our free and premium offerings will offer "end to end" solutions for discovering and living your purpose. the free path will offer a "do it yourself" experience, while the premium path will offer a guided experience: free path: already have a strong sense of your strengths, passions, etc? choose your own sparx purpose factors from our lists then use our questions and exercises to think about how to live those factors in your academic, volunteer, and/or professional life premium path: take advantage of our proven, research based purpose discovery tools to find your sparx purpose factors in addition to the exercises offered in the free path, get algorithmic purpose matches with real jobs, colleges, online classes, volunteer opportunities, and more what people are saying we've tested part i (sparx purpose discovery) with young adults aged 18 35 and over 95% of users felt their sparx profile was a very strong representation of who they were and what they were all about. here are some quotes from our early adopters: "purposematch is a great vehicle for people to consider their gifts, strengths and passions, become aware and apply this understanding to real world needs immediately. i learned a great deal about myself during this process.”   chris, 35 “the sparx system is an excellent tool for personal discernment for teens and adults alike. it is one of the best combinations of personal assessment that i've seen."   cynthia, school counselor “i learned how to be a better me, and i feel like i’m walking through life with open eyes now. i can’t wait to start using my sparx. i’m going to start by getting involved in the invisible children club at my college, and take the action i have always wanted to.”   kayla, 20 “purposematch was amazing. i feel so much stronger and more confident, and just more at peace with my future. i’m more aware of what i’m capable of and how i can use my passions on my journey. i’m looking forward to getting more involved!"   ben, 24 “purposematch works well with recent graduates  it resonates with them and where they are on the life journey and the crux of making life decisions. the sparx system challenges people to be introspective and then to go outside themselves to make a difference in a larger world that needs them.”   sondra, counselor “after going through purposematch, i just feel like i’m growing into something amazing. i’m more confident and am ok with just being me. i also feel more empathetic and aware of how much power i have to make a difference in my community.”   marisa, 18 "i am super excited to have discovered this tool that has a dramatically different approach than almost all that’s out there for young people, parents, and schools. how can we ask people to pick colleges, majors when they haven't even taken assessment of who they are or what they value?"   jennifer, college counselor how's it different? we’re big fans of many of the self discovery, self improvement, college search, and career search resources out there, but we haven’t seen anything that gets to where we’re trying to go: personality inventories – these tend to focus on how people interact with each other – kind of like our “r” section – and they’re especially useful for improving your relationships or managing a team. but personality is just one aspect of purpose, and many people find it tough to come up with real, practical next steps based on their results. “i’m an enfp? great! what am i supposed to do with that?”purposematch considers all four major purpose factors, and suggests real opportunities for living them. strength inventories – there are some good tools out there for discovering what you do well, and we’d like to think our “s” section is one of them. but strength alone doesn’t equate to purpose. what good is strength or talent if you don’t care about what you’re doing? college and career search tools – plenty of these out there, and some of them are pretty cool. but they tend to make the same fundamental assumption – that you already know what you’re looking for. if you tell them what kind of job or college would be ideal for you, they can help. but what if you don’t know? purposematch helps you figure it out, and then shows you opportunities that fit. our goal right now is to create a comprehensive, end to end purpose discovery and matching resource that supports you in your journey. part i of our software resource (sparx purpose discovery) is built, but now it's time to build out part ii (the "x"   living your purpose). we've got it all mapped out, and have the algorithms ready to go. in fact, the college and book matching tools are already completed. it's just a matter of having the resources to get the rest of this thing hammered out! here's what needs to be built: our "x" interface, where we guide you through the process of reflecting on your purpose profile and exploring your purpose matches job matching online class (mooc) matching volunteer opportunity matching social functionality, so you can collaborate with people that share your sense of purpose here's how we can roll this stuff out, with stretch goals included: $25,000 at our base goal, we can knock out the first two goals: the x interface and job matching. $50,000 at this level, we can add online class (mooc) matching for everyone that contributes to the campaign. $75,000 at this level, we can add purpose based volunteer matching for all our contributors. $100,000 at this level ,we can add social functionality for all our contributors. and here's an overview of our reward tiers: purposematch is led by a small (but scrappy) team of passionate entrepreneurs, with a wealth of experience spanning "for purpose" business management, engineering, sales & marketing, life coaching, writing, and more. we're relentlessly committed to our values and ideals, and we believe we're living our purpose by working to provide this product. 1. shannon meairs (vision) shannon is a visionary who came out of the womb an entrepreneur. her first venture, at age 5, was lollipop the clown, doing kids’ birthday parties. seriously. shannon has spent 13 years as an educational innovator, first as the assistant director of admission at pepperdine, then as co  creator/producer of abc’s “the scholar” and finally as founder & ceo of full ride inc, a college admission consulting firm. shannon is focused on vision, strategy, and pr. she has a masters in organizational development, and is gifted in talent management and building high performing teams. 2. justin jeter (product) justin is our chief nerd, and a minister at first christian church of granbury, tx. he developed the sparx formula (our secret sauce) and oversees product development, operations, and other nerd stuff (books, legal, etc.) before partnering with shannon to build full ride and purposematch, justin worked in various ministry capacities, and at dealmaven in nyc (acquired by factset research systems), where he ran a financial analysis training program for aspiring investment bankers. when not nerding out or helping people find and live purpose, he enjoys spending time with his wife, playing disc golf, and looking for interesting houses on zillow (none of which he can afford). 3. andrew ripley (marketing) andrew brings a solid background in business development and educational software. with his background in selling software to colleges, commitment to living a purpose driven life and a “do whatever it takes attitude,” he was a natural fit for the team. andrew started in sales with ibm, and later spent 7 years at jsa, an edtech company, selling software to the largest and most prestigious colleges and universities in the country, while developing relationships with other companies and partners within the industry. he also loves to travel and is probably the biggest dog guy you’ll ever meet. 4. l.d libra (technology) is a tech wizard with 5 years of software engineering experience at companies like onswipe (an nyc based techstars graduate company, where he focused on the data pipeline behind the company’s platform) and sparkrelief (a disaster relief platform where he served as lead developer). he oversees our tech infrastructure and coding at every level of the stack, and brings a deep passion for bending distributed systems to the will of the common good. l.d is proficient in amazon aws, c/c++, css, golang, html, heroku, java, javascript, linux system administration, node.js, and scala. thank you so much for checking us out. if you’re struggling to find purpose or direction in life, or if you know someone who is, we’d love to be able to provide you with a resource that can support you (or them) in getting on the right track. but to do that, we need your help! we’d appreciate any support you can give us, and please spread the word! risks and challenges we have been a team for several years and know how to bootstrap, creatively problem solve and manage setbacks efficiently, but we’re still growing in terms of how to best forecast and execute development schedules. having said that, we are big on communication and will figure it out. in the meantime, we will be fully transparent with all of our backers about our development and progress! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 