kills are complementary, and diverse, we apprehend the professions of audio visual with a fresh, and innovative. we know today that many evils and mal beings have spread in the current civilization, whether of the medical order (syndromes, diseases, handicaps, obesity, psychological diseases ...) and also the worries related to behaviors ( violence, hostility, racism, laziness, irresponsibility ...), or concerning nature (waste, deterioration, destruction ...). we also know that many organizations and societies are trying to find solutions to these problems, but that people do not seem to be really aware of the seriousness of all these general problems affecting a large number of countries around the world. we thus wish to make a contribution, by the audio visual domains, to propagate by the use of several languages ​​(french, chinese, english ...), in the process of making people aware of the gravity of these evils and possible solutions to overcome them. in addition, we want, by the composition of our team, to show an example, since we already collaborate, with people from all over the world (china, bulgaria, mauritius ...). we want to motivate a wide public to practice physical activities, by presenting them with decorations of france, but also of the countries constituting europe, and even widen our range of choices to other countries of the whole world, like india, china for example. wanting to spread the desire to browse these landscapes, as well as motivate to pay more attention to waste, we will try to put them in value, presenting them in a cinematographic way. in order to open our fields of action as much as possible, we want to meet professionals from other cultures, all over the world, in order to perfect our techniques and know how, and, secondly, to produce personalized short films, in relation with the countries and cultures with which we will exchange. to be able to better adapt our future works, we will go through each of these countries of many sets, in order to choose those which will be put in values, which could favor a certain tourism. at first, we want to get closer to film professionals from france, germany, italy, greece, poland, hungary, austria, switzerland, bulgaria, but also from india, china and russia, and attempt to produce books related to their respective film techniques, as well as their cultures. this is always in order to motivate a broad public to improve their behavior towards foreign countries, and also to motivate them to practice activities in the sense of going to discover these peoples and their cultures. goals through many audio visual and cinematographic projects, and with the experiences we have accumulated throughout this journey, we want to spread a more open approach towards other cultures and peoples. in the idea of ​​raising awareness and opening the field of vision of everyone on the rest of the world, we believe that audio visuals is the most playful but also the most touching way to achieve this. as our goal is to reach as many people as possible in the medium and long term, we wish to use all the means of broadcasting that we will be able to integrate. we are convinced that all the exchanges that we will have as we go will allow us to better adapt our works according to the subject and the way to treat it visually. because we are convinced that it is by showing an example that we can propagate a constructive idea, in order to bring other people to exchange and work better with the rest of the world. we also want by this step, to demonstrate that by small efforts, we can, by associating with others worldwide, accomplish great things. this project is for us a way to participate in the awareness and the responsibility of a large public on important areas such as: ecology, environment, pollution, human relations, psychology, mal beings, diseases, sports, disabilities, diversity, humanism ... to do this: we have planned more than fifty short films, each in a different field, and with an approach accordingly. we will distribute some of these audio visual projects for the year 2019, and another part for the year 2020 ... we want to create a major project of sharing and communication ... we wish to create a new production and production studio in relationship with other countries ... we want to go to meet professionals (india, china ...) in order to always perfect our techniques of achievements ... we want to allow a work in community with people coming from other countries, integrating to the team of people from all over the world ... we want to communicate to the whole world examples ... we realized our first project without any support of any kind, about irrational fears, which is already visible on the youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgsjyhwyosgk7jqlqhau6_q it has been listed for release in several short film festivals, and other small projects are also visible. (made with non professional materials), the making of movie we have planned more than fifty short and medium length films for the 2019 and 2020 seasons, all dealing with different subjects and in different genres. passing through the types of humorous films, dramatic, suspense, science fiction, fantasy ... our goal and approach the maximum public. list of shorts, see annex. this list is not exhaustive, since the schedule can be re adapted as needed depending on the availability of participants, as well as the removal or addition of future projects, may be determined necessary, by the team's appreciation. we currently have some occasional participants, some of whom are from other cultures, for example: léa de france, patricia of bulgaria, alara of mauritius, tingting of china ... and we hope to enlarge the team with other future participants, and speakers, from around the world. the places will be chosen according to several criteria, such as mountain pastures, mountains, forests, but also urban. the choices of these will be made according to their visual aspects, geographical zone and their accessibility, so that a maximum of people can discover them then by their own experience. in order to realize our works in the best possible conditions: we meet regularly to promote communication to develop new scenarios to add to our list, or to try to improve those planned. we try to do a cohesive work with other people from around the world, which brings significant additions, such as subtitles in several languages ​​for example. diffusion first we proceeded to the creation of the youtube channel: sonato's gate, then to the creations of the networks accompanying it such as: facebook, instagram, website (under construction). the short, medium length future will be broadcast by these networks, and also registered for participation in festivals corresponding to their genres, durations and styles. risks and challenges as mentioned above, we have planned a long list of short films, which we will spread as much as possible over the 2019 and 2020 seasons. knowing that the realization of such projects requires time and a lot of work, and in view of the fact, that we we are a small team, we can not guarantee to do all the short and medium length films, on the seasons 2019 and 2020. in this case, we will postpone them on the season 2021. however, we will try to make a minimum of 6 to 10 per year up to 15 depending on the budget obtained. it will be necessary to add to this the time of travel and exchanges with professionals of the trade and with their respective cultures in the program, and we will make sure to optimize them. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 