ptionwe've reached our first stretch goal of $5,000 in funding!! we've updated our glove size chart and added two additional sizes (xl & xs) for many of you who have asked for it. thank you for being such great backers, now we can make the dokiwear cg art glove available to many more fellow artists. if we reach $6,500 in funding, we will add three additional, limited edition, color options! our dokiwear cg art glove will be designed exclusively with three color choices for you all to choose from at our current  Jimmy Fraud  pledge amounts. available to you great supporters before anyone else!! here are your color options!! note: diagrams show only concepts of the dokiwear cg art glove. final product will contain slight variations in pattern and color. this "dokiglove" is specifically designed to be neutral grey for those artists who are color sensitive when it comes to their work. let's not stop now, we want to reach as many artists as we can! so...what is the cg art glove all about? it all started in a studio with an idea, and now we want to make it reality. the digital art glove is a high quality, sports compression, microfiber cleaning glove designed specifically for digital and cg artists, allowing them to work on drawing tablets and cintiq™ surfaces smoothly, cleanly, easily, and comfortably. it incorporates several specially designed features to alleviate common problems a digital artist deals with daily. as simple as this concept may be, it has been vigorously designed and tested for over 24 months in studio environments by professional artists. note: images show sample prototype only. where did the idea come from? the need for an accessory that made drawing easier, more comfortable, and more efficient has now become a reality, rather than something that artists simply dream about. first, many artists, including those at dokiwear, want to work on clean drawing surfaces, free from oils and moisture transferred from the hands onto the glass to dirty up, scratch, and cloud the drawing surface of tablets, wacom cintiqs™, and mobile touchscreen devices. second, we wanted to incorporate hand and wrist support while creating our work of art throughout the day. third, we wanted quality and durable materials that not only function like a second skin, but are aesthetically good looking as well   after all, we are professional artists. the quick and dirty solution was to purchase cheap simple gloves and cut off 3 of the 5 fingers. it worked; however, the gloves were temporary and fell apart, and costs added up over time. furthermore, any existing products on the market did not address all the issues we wanted to solve. thus, as professional artists, we wanted to put something out there for other professional artists with similar problems. after using the final prototype gloves for several weeks, we’ve noticed a vast improvement in the workflow and reduced hand fatigue when working. how does it help you, the artist? material tech: improve your work performance. the cg art glove is made of high quality sports compression material. it is a blend of fabrics that will allow for breathability, moisture wicking, evaporation, and most importantly four way stretching for compression and support on the artist’s hand. give your hand the support it needs. microfiber cleaning: you've spent a small fortune on a wacom cintiq™ or a drawing tablet, now you want to take good care of your investment. the cg art glove is designed with high quality glass lens cleaning microfiber fabric. the fabric is stitched along the palm ridge of the hand to clean the digital drawing glass surface without creating scratches. the artist can rest her/his hand naturally on the drawing surface to work, and while moving smoothly along the glass surface the glove is designed to clean simultaneously. your cintiq™ is your baby, so take good care of it. quality design and styled functionality: as professional artists, we not only have an eye for aesthetics of design and style, but on performance, utility, and functionality as well. the comfort and functionality we’ve been looking for is now wrapped in a good looking digital glove design we are proud to wear and share with fellow artists. keycontact points: the 4th finger, 5th finger, and the palm ulnar ridge provide key contact points for resting on the drawing device. supporting those points is key to reducing moisture and oil contacts to the glass surface, and allowing smooth movement and hand bracing when working. your pledge award options! we want to keep everything simple and easy to manage, because we want to make sure you try a dokiwear cg art glove. the options below will offer the most straight forward and best value. *thanks to all you awesome backers, we can now afford to add two more sizes for everyone who has been asking!! we now have size xs and xl, because the stretch goal of $5,000 has been met!! for size measurements, measure the circumference of your flat hand just under the knuckles (not including your thumb). the sizes currently available for production are small, medium, large, and now   xl & xs! about us/mission: we are a group of professional gaming industry artists working full time, and this project has become our extra passion. dokiwear is inspired by the goal of helping the digital artist continue to create the best possible art. we believe in the power of art as inspiration, and have used that as our mission. our first product (the cg art glove) is a reflection of who we are as artists and why we continue to be inspired to create art. our mission is not only to become a brand, but a group of individuals longing to hone our skills that will define each of us as an artist. our goal is to assist digital artists all over the world with our products in sharpening their skills,....skills that will teach and inspire others to dream and explore through art. why your help is needed: we are a bootstrapped group who have spent a great deal of our own funds to reach this point   consultants, prototype iterations, manufacturer vetting, legals, design, more design, etc. all cost a great deal of money to do the job right and with premium quality. we've spent this capital in order to minimize any possible risks to you, our beloved backer   and now we've finalized the design on our flagship cg art glove   the “mazo” series, and would like to start getting them onto your hands to make a difference in your artwork. only one problem though...we are “strapped” and have insufficient funds to press the "manufacture button"...this is where you can come in to help give the green light! your pledges will pool together so that we can begin producing the first batch of dokiwear cg art gloves and get them onto your hands...literally. if you think our digital art glove will help you, please support us by pledging and telling all your online digital art friends, art instructors, and co workers about this project. thank you so much for your support. what are the plans after the  Jimmy Fraud ? this  Jimmy Fraud  is only the beginning for dokiwear. we plan to continue making more products immediately after kicking off this exciting journey. we are already close to completion on our second glove design, which will feature additional compression and support. risks and challenges there will be very little to no risk for you. we are anticipating that we will be able to ship our product around late february to early march of 2015. our manufacturer takes about two months to produce, and we don’t foresee any challenges. however, there is always a possibility that things will not turn out as expected. our dokiwear team will work hard to get the products out to you, our valued supporters, as soon as we can. in addition, the most common challenges with this type of business would be sourcing materials, finding quality suppliers, and shipping delays. fortunately, we already did our due diligence and have all that figured out (as our sample shows), and all we need to do is push the “go” button for the green light. we have done extensive planning and preparation for this project. we think we have covered all our bases, and have built in extra time for potential issues that we may need to deal with. if there are any other areas of worry on your mind, please feel free to contact us! we'll work to answer your questions as quickly as possible. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 