scriptionfinally, a watch with bands you pick based on your style, taste, and lifestyle. change your look as often or as little as you like, knowing you can easily update your watch with a different strap at any time instead of buying a whole new watch. one watch takes the place of many…or mix and match multiple straps and finishes to create countless combinations! luxury watch, practical price. wearing a watch is about more than just knowing the hours and minutes of the day. aside from the genius of keeping sweet time conveniently, throwing on a watch shows that you've got style, taste, and character. sporting a swiss made watch with your favorite hand made watch band shows that you appreciate quality, personal touches, and time spent doing the " funner " things in life. a good wrist game is as important as ever…but if you've tried to up your game recently, you've probably sorted through masses of tired, repetitive watch styles that only offer you one option: the look you purchase. the same as everyone else's. with circle + hide, you can change up the look of your watch to match your mood, your plans, or even your shoes — simply by switching out the band. we've done all of the designing, sourcing, and marketing in house so that we won't have to markup drastically to pay the middle man or sacrifice quality for margins. what we are making is a watch with a luxury pedigree, without the price. the watches: bottom row includes our most limited run styles how it works: details, details... things to consider: we will be able to hit the ground running the day our  Jimmy Fraud  ends if the campaign is successfully funded…our strap samples are being approved and our craftsmen and factories are now standing by for the go ahead. the swiss have been making our watches for a couple of months now, and it would be a shame deliver them without bands. your backing will make the production of our high quality, handmade leather watch bands possible. what we've done so far: designed a watch with a classic, elegant body and clean, easy to read face that is intentionally detailed without being fussy. visited our factory in switzerland to build our relationship with the manufacturers, approve designs, and tour the place where the magic happens. bought leather from a number of hide houses that carry only the highest quality leathers. met with multiple manufacturers to find a good match for our strap making component. learned to pattern, cut, sew, and sample the straps ourselves so that we can be sure the finished product is exactly to our standards. commissioned steel dies to cut leather to fit exact specifications for the straps. designed chic, re usable and sustainable packaging. no pillows, no worries about saving room in the back of your bedside drawer to stash your oversized watch box. lume shot watch features: 37mm circular case/32mm face   11mm thickness, 46mm top to bottom   official swiss made certification   swiss quartz e.t.a. 804.112 h2 movement   solid 316 stainless steel two piece construction and state of the art pvd coating for all other metals   polished hi shine bezel and sides; brushed/satin finished lugs   hardened mineral crystal lens, slightly domed to reduce glare   5 atm water resistance   automated date window at 6'o'clock index   luminous hands and hour markers   index (hour indicator) markers and custom deco inspired numeral markers   keystone logo at 12'o'clock index   second and half second marks   flange with 60 second/minute counter   pop of color in extra long second hand   original golden gate bridge artwork on the back   etched crown dial to set the time   sequential numbering starting at 0000001 band features : all straps will fit any 20mm wide watch that you have, no special tools or stop in a watch repair shop required. substantial swiss solid stainless bracelets will taper to 18mm in a beautiful brushed/polished combinational oyster link. links can be removed to accommodate smaller wrists. leather bands: 20mm wide through the entire length of leather   145mm long   fits wrist from ~6 8.5inches   small to xl   swiss made solid stainless steel or pvd buckles   swiss made pegged spring pins   handsewn with durable waxed threads genuine leather   no fillers, no padding, no irritants, just pure, quality leathers including aniline, full grain, suedes, garment splits, embossed, etc. we strive to be as transparent as possible when sourcing straps. all components are sourced as sustainably as possible, including the highest quality skins from america (yes even the famed horween), italy, turkey, and the dominican republic. we buy small quantities of what we think is cool and feels good, so only 40 90 of each band can be made. that's dang near custom! because you can never have too many options... this is just a small sampling of what we could do! goals: by reaching our goal of $25,000 we will be able to manufacture a line of up to ten limited edition handmade assorted leather straps and deliver them to you in december and january. this will employ workers at american factories and preserve leather craftsmanship. our first shipments will arrive in december. we can almost guarantee christmas delivery for 50 75 backers and will do everything in our power to get them to you in time! a note about strap styles: we encourage you to keep a creative eye open for strap inspiration   we have so many ideas but starting with great standout classic leathers like cognac, gray, black, oxblood, embossed crocodile in deep green and patent navy, espresso, tobacco and the like makes the most sense. as we are able we will incorporate more fabrics (think pendleton wools, bonded wovens, friendship bracelets, and rugged canvas or nylon), materials (silicone, studs, beads, neoprene, velcro (how fun would that be?), and styles (tapered styles, double wraps, nato, etc). we envision a dialogue between circle + hide that will help us deliver what you like and what you want, often and with gusto. we welcome feedback on quality, design, and experience. the million dollar question: what can we do with more money? $50,000: we can upgrade our packaging to green reusable leather envelopes, and release two to four more leather and fabric strap options, secure second delivery of watch cases and bracelets (late dec) $100,000: we can release a line of sweat proof and sport proof silicone straps as well as commit additional specialty crafters to release african tribal and native american beaded straps, hand burnished and distressed rugged straps, and other local community supportive work. $200,000: we can put a down payment on another order of watches and release a line of 100% authentic exotic skin straps: lizard, gator, and python. we can also upgrade our website, run some legitimate pr, improve our packaging and transition to green shipping materials. $300,000: we can consider expanding product line to include tapered straps, double wraps, xsmall and xlarge wrists, and really start to crank out all kinds of creative strap projects with your help! there is no limit to what we can make (or try to make!). we can explore different watch faces and materials or continue upping the quality of the good thing we've got goin' on. $5 + we appreciate your support!! $35 + we appreciate your support! $50 + we appreciate your support! $205 + we appreciate your support! $305 390 + thanks for your support! $330 425 + thanks for your support! special thanks and recognition: crawford arnold : co conciever of the concept, thanks for listening to me talk incessantly, cry, scream for, dance, yell, and laugh my way through this whole project. babs + peter howell and s + gee arnold : without parental support, encouragement, and investment i would've had to make this video a whole lot sooner. my family and sisters have been incredible helpers! allie dubelko : gorgeous model turned videographer, photographer, and editor. there would be no video without her incredible dedication to this project. give her a pile of jumbled clips and she'll make you a mean polished finished product. loni edwards : ex harvard lawyer turned handbag designing entrepreneur and successful business woman; creator of empowered bags (charge on the go in style with built in battery packs for all your devices)...her encouragement and support and example motivated me to take each new step along the way. she couldn't be a more generous person and is always willing to share her time, resources, and advice www.empoweredbag.com zach hyatt : brilliant novelist and watch aficionado who lent his tasteful eye to our final design work and his genius mind to inspire our logo and nail our mission statement to "spend time well" darin kholes : rocket scientist and unstumpable code writer/website developer who is building us a beautiful template for our website and picked out some crazy cool pendleton fabrics directly from his hometown of portland, or tscharner hunter: marketing whiz and winning editor (seriously you've never seen this kind of editing) who helped civilize our  Jimmy Fraud  page augusta duffey : nyc based creative director, graphic designer, website designer extraordinaire who has weighed in on many key design conundrums olivia zaleski : ex on air broadcast journalist who coached me through my on camera cues and provided a crash course in video production 101. she is currently producing her own stories, the latest interviewing with the sf giants the friday following their world series win. kevin mauer/academy of art: busy professor and ex qvc product shooter who provided some beautiful footage of our watches and taught us a thing or two about lighting in the meantime kim dawson agency/janice gamlin : my hustlin' dallas based booker who helped keep the bills payed (including big ones from the swiss) kimdawsonagency.com jeff tse : ny and sf based exceptionally talented photographer and friend who generously offered to spend an entire day shooting watches for circle + hide jefftse.com tutu lee : sf based visual tech and budding photographer who spent an afternoon shooting impromptu on figure shots for our website that turned out amazing and resulted in our cover photo. ellian raffoul : friend and stunning model turned event, portrait, and documentary photographer for her beautiful and surprise "behind the scenes" photos. ellianraffoul.com the advice of angels: thanks annie shu: creator of cypress and fifth, a subsciption based monthly trend delivery service for always sharing advice and talking me through the business headaches cypressandfifth.com sydney alfonso : etkie creator and successful fundraiser who we hope to collaborate with on a line of traditional native american beaded straps styled after her gorgeous bracelets. etkie.com anthony villegas: youngest and most successful menswear bloger in the sf fashion scene, founder of ofmiceandmenswear.com for giving me tips about men's fashion and social media christina conrad : boobypack creator and successful  Jimmy Fraud  campaigner for weighing in. my boobypack = lifesaver. boobypack.com look model agency sf   factor women cast and crew : cameo appearances by kp englert, paul huelskamp, jamie coffin, crawford arnold, sky, charlotte bell, ellian raffoul, andy miller, and the guy who photo bombed our video sesh at 620 jones. so many others who have been so helpful and kind in sharing their expertise, experience, and time. risks and challenges the risks and challenges are numerous in the fashion and manufacturing worlds, but we feel like we have done our homework and tried to prepare for a multitude of possible set backs. right now, january fulfillment seems entirely within our reach (granted we get funded!!). for straps, the hardest aspect lies in having the straps manufactured in usa at a price that allows us to sustain business and on schedule. in crafting watch straps, the amount of material and even the cost of the material pales in comparison to the amount and cost of labor involved this is why this hasn't already been done…because it is expensive and meticulous to produce watch straps and finding qualified people capable of making higher quantities is extremely difficult. with a sizable investment we will be able to streamline our production to work exclusively with a number of quality factories that have each been in business for over forty years and that can deliver efficiently and on time. most factories are producing at or near capacity thanks to the resurgence of american made goods, meaning often they are not able to fulfill orders on time, which can result in a one to two month backup. watches: by selecting an independent swiss watchmaker who has five generations of experience under their belts, we feel confident in delivering precise, beautiful time pieces that will effortlessly up the ante of your look. our swiss factory hasn't missed a beat yet, and we have full confidence in their abilities. they manufacture for some of the most well known watch brands in business and we are so honored they chose to work with us on our small scale project. we have provided the down payment for an initial run of watches, which require at least four months to manufacture in such intricate detail…we will do all that we can to get our first deliveries out in time for christmas, barring any production or customs nightmares, and the following in january. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 