ichua lets you customize dog 3d models at will. the figurines are then manufactured in the usa or europe by the major service providers, using 3d printing technologies. they can be delivered anywhere in the world. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 what does make minichua unique? a few online services already help you print your pet. their design process is either fully automated or manual. but there are drawbacks. fully automated methods are based on batches of images. they require very specific light conditions and still objects. but it is quite difficult to shoot a still pet unless it is asleep. on demand designs are very detailed. but they are expensive and require a lot of time. we will also provide this type of service, but we want a better solution. our website will include a character configurator to personalize your pet. a collection of models will ensure detailed figurines and varied poses. pre defined coats will be used as a reference. you can create your own coats very quickly with your photos or the 2d/3d painters. we want to create a service for fast and accurate figurine creation at the right price. a range of materials and sizes in the final service, you will have the choice of: the model (family, group, race, gender, position); the volume (hollow or not); the texture (original or custom); the size (in line with the material specifications); the material (monochrome or colored); 'full color sandstone' figurines for colored designs, you can choose one of our original coats or create your own. one of the online painting tools (photo, 3d & 2d) will ease the process. you can use photos to get more realistic coats. one custom coat can be used with all poses.. 'elasto plastics, transparent acrylic and ultra detail plastics' figurines for better performance, the 3d interface displays low detailed models of the actual figurines. these models are meant to be a base for customization. but they remain consistent with the original designs. the model is dynamically updated according to your latest options. 'strong & flexible white plastics' figurines on the actual figurines, all the details are rendered from scales as low as 25mm with materials like 'ultra detail plastics'. 'ultra detail, flexible & strong white plastics and transparent acrylic' figurines the possible sizes range from a few centimeters to nearly a meter. with more than 10 materials, from plastics to gold, and about 100 finishes, from translucent to neon pink or photo realistic, your choice is infinite. 'stainless, polished bronze and polished gold steel' figurine olivier depin worked as an it engineer, project coordinator and innovation consultant. he has brought to live high tech and innovation solutions for years. he worked for large corporations as well as breakthrough startups. he contributed to wide spread technologies like mobile gaming, shape recognition or game streaming. passionate about 3d modelling, he has big ideas and the technical experience to cope with implementation challenges like online 3d technologies, part management or vendor api interfaces. whether you want to create a photo realistic figurine of your dog, a model that you can paint later or a jewel, just do it with minichua. the project has already come a long way. to prove the concept, we created a beta version of the website and sample 3d models. we really would like to see it through. your support will prove that to us that our idea was right. a successful campaign will enable us to reach our goal: becoming the reference for animal figurines. it will go through models that are as realistic as possible, an upgraded interface and new functionalities. we have many subsequent projects that we would love to fund in a next campaign. only you can make it happen! we count on you to support us and influence the development of the project. we want you to decide what to include in the final service. each funding level will unlock new options (poses, coats, accessories…). the more funding we receive, the more we will give you eventually. a significant part of the funding will be used to manufacture your models. most of the balance will be spent designing the 3d models and upgrading the web interface. our base plan is to provide the 185 dog breeds registered on the akc website ( http://www.akc.org/dog breeds/ ) as 2015 with their most common coat. the base pose will be the usual ‘standing’ pose. the larger the funding, the wider the range of poses and coats. if our initial funding goal is reached, new features will be available. each time a new £32,000 (~$50,000) bracket is reached on top of the funding goal, one of the following upgrades will be unlocked: additional pose : a new pose will be modeled and applied to all breeds; additional coat : a new coat will be created from the colors recognized by the akc. not all the breeds have the same number of recognized colors. if a breed has only two recognized colors, it will be upgraded only once and so on; if you are passionate enough about our project and your commitment unlocks four or more upgrades, this option will be available: new breeds : not all dog breeds are registered at the akc. some of them are only listed. we will model the 66 different breeds listed in the foundation stock service and miscellaneous class. if you are really crazy about our project and your commitment unlocks the six upgrades, these options will be available: accessory lines : you will be able to add accessories to your dog figurines. there will be three accessory lines (apparels, collars and toys); you will have the opportunity to choose as much as six upgrades . the allocation rules are different for each upgrade type: the accessory upgrade can be used up to three times (one each accessory line); the coat upgrade can be used up to four times; the breed upgrade can be used one time; the pose upgrade can be used up to six times. once the campaign is finished, you will choose which upgrade you want for each bracket. for the pose upgrades, you will also name the pose. this project offers many other possibilities like puppies, multi figure poses, limitless posing and more! the project can last up to nine months if all six upgrades are unlocked. this corresponds to the end of march 2016. however, if only some of the upgrades are unlocked, the target delivery date will be advanced. it will be set right after the completion of the last unlocked upgrade. in all cases, we want to start the first deliveries one month after the base goal objective is completed (one pose and one coat for the 185 akc registered breeds). and then, after the completion of each upgrades, we plan to release the models created during the previous period. in brief, we plan to start shipping a part of the rewards before the end of the year. you can check the estimated timeline below for further information. this concept art gallery gives you an example of the possible poses with a 'jack russell terrier': this one shows examples of the coat and part variations you can get with a boxer: if you are looking for more 'pop' models, this one if for you: 3d printing is the process of making three dimensional objects from a digital file. a 3d printed object is currently created by adding successive layers of material. each of these layers can be seen as a thinly sliced cross section of the object. 3d printer prototypes now allow continuous printing. they should hit the market the next couple of years or sooner. it will considerably speed up the printing process and further improve the object quality with a smoother surface. we have integrated two of the leading 3d printing service providers in our project. their production facilities are located in the usa and europe. it will ensure you with the best and widest range of materials, prices and delays. their developer api allows the transfer of your model to their baskets on the fly. as 3d printing is all about customization, we decided not to limit our offer to specific materials. you can choose among almost all the available materials of our vendors, depending on your needs (colorful figurine, shiny jewel, highly detailed pieces…). the constraints of each material are taken into account in our interface and models. once finished, each design is ready to be printed with the material and at the size of your choice. each new material (like 'full color plastics') will be integrated as soon as it becomes available to the masses. to focus on our core activity, creating high quality models, we have chosen an “affiliate” model. the service providers will handle all the customer relationship for you (from production to delivery and after sale services). it is their job and they do it best. why should you prefer 3d printing and especially 3d printing services? made to order 3d printing technologies are meant for limitless customization. within the same production batch, each item can be unique at no additional costs. series, pre series run limitations of mass production are now irrelevant. any model can be modified, manufactured and shipped at once. using 3d printing services gives you access to a wide range of materials, from white plastics to platinum. you get all the advantages without the burden of maintenance, calibration or printing wait and failures. complex and detailed the level of complexity that this technology allows is simply impossible to obtain any other ways. designed, tested and validated in digital environments, each model can contain impressive visual effects. stronger and lighter, they can incorporate complex and detailed components. articulated models can be created this way, with no additional assembly required. more efficient not only 3d printing is more efficient in terms of manufacturing process, but also in terms of production quantity and inventory needs. it uses almost all raw materials and each item is unique, made to order and shipped right away. therefore, it creates less waste and results in a reduced carbon footprint. as local manufacturing models are likely, the figurines can be manufactured closer to the place they are needed. it reduces the logistics burden. built as responsive and cross browser compatible from the beginning, our interface should be usable on all the latest webgl enabled browsers like chrome, ie, firefox or safari. you can check on our website if your browser is compatible ( http://minichua.com/#faq > browser > test) and if not, follow the steps to make it compatible. the full integration of touch interfaces will soon be available. you already can configure your figurine and paint it at your will since you use a mouse. you can take a screenshot of your creations to save it or share it on the social networks. technology upgrades like the use of vr headsets are on the table to make your experience even more enjoyable!!! please have fun and support us!!! social networks music credits honcho graham from birmingham   josh woodward ( http://freemusicarchive.org/music/josh_woodward/only_whispering/joshwoodward nqc 08 honchograhamfrombirmingham_1322 ) crazy glue instrumental version   josh woodward ( http://freemusicarchive.org/music/josh_woodward/the_wake_1790/joshwoodward thewake novox 04 crazyglue ) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ risks and challenges   we want to provide you with the largest choice of materials. nevertheless, 3d printing service providers may discontinue one of them prior to our target delivery date. in this case, we will work with you to find the best alternative.   due to the nature of this campaign, there will be a few constraints. the size, volume (hollow or not) and material will be defined for each rewards and each breed. the service was designed to personalize, transfer and have figurines 3d printed on the fly. you will personalize the figurines on our site, but we will transfer and have them manufactured by the service providers.   if you choose paintable materials like 'strong & flexible plastics' or 'ultra detail plastics' (resin), you must choose the one with specifications that best fit your needs. 'ultra detail plastics' are easier to paint and more detailed. 'strong & flexible plastics' are more durable.  3d printing technologies are amazing to push the customization to its limits. but they also come with a layering effect: you can see small lines on the object. hopefully, the printing processes progress very quickly. in less than a year, the final aspect of printed objects became far smoother. the layering effect is even nearly invisible with materials like 'ultra/extreme detail plastics' or even 'strong & flexible plastics' once painted. on delivery, the production quality may have improved even further. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 