e for a book with a reward. we did it! we made our goal! magic fish dreaming is happening! 138 people from ten countries have backed this project. why not join them! do you want more poems in the book? would you like some cool end papers? would you love to see it in hard cover case bound? we can do so much more! for our last hours we have some specials! pledge two books, get two calico bags for free! $50 aud mini education kits, $65 aud (including pdf of educational activities) 3 only! another totem bird of paradise scarf reward (second release), $350 aud do you want more! key:aud = australian dollar usd =us dollar euros gbp=british pound stretch goal 1   more pages of art and poetry! $15,000 aud / 10348 usd/ 9478.71 euros/ 7307 (gbp)pounds we can increase number of pages for the book to 40! do some beautiful end papers with a special design from helene. stretch goal 2   cover charisma $20,000+ (aud)/ 13679.90 usd /12550.47 euros/9611 (gbp)pounds now we can print all the books in hard cover with a durable and attractive case binding. poems can be translated into french or motu. stretch goal 3   another film! $25,000 (aud)/ 1725 usd/ 15789 euros/ 12171 (gbp)pounds june can create another engaging creative short poetry film featuring helene's art and june's photography, voice, and poetry. we'll give you a chance to vote on which poem has a short film outing. june will also 'sound cloud' the most popular poems for those who would like to hear readings by the poet. stretch goal 4   long term plans possible! $33,000 +(aud) /23332 usd / 21456 euros /16392 (gbp)pounds a dust cover will be added to the hard cover book. june builds a publishing company to make more beautiful diverse books, fiction, non fiction and poetry focusing on culture and nature! she develops the multimedia aspects of her publishing more (looking at ebooks and apps). another board book idea   to be developed. june can commission translation of more poems into french and motu (to reach readers of june and helene's background). poems can read in french or motu and released on sound cloud. help us make magic fish dreaming even more brilliant! a special reward for the last week is two books with two calico bags for $50 ! a 36 page, 210mm x284mm, full colour poetry book, inspired by the diverse people of far north queensland and their tropical environment. it's full of some of the strangest birds and animals, as well as resilient rainforest, cane farms and tropical beaches. rewards for our supporters every supporter will be invited to the online magic fish dreaming launch, which will link with the real space launch in someway and make it on to our blog honour roll! every supporter giving $25 or above will receive a signed copy of the physical book and a post card from helene and june. those choosing the pdf at $10 will be posted a thank you postcard. all supporters contributing over $85 will receive an online pass to the magic fish dreaming poetry short film. purchases over $110 will receive a greeting cards selection and a very thoughtful pdf of 25 activities to extend learning related to the poetry book. purchasing rewards over $350 will earn supporters a thank you in the book. the educational rewards are labelled education rewards (1 3). they are not added to any of the other rewards but are separate. we have some super special workshop and project options   check them out! please read terms and conditions and contact us with any questions for these ones. reward images pdf + thank you on the blog and a post card the physical book (and previous rewards) the book + calico bag creature 1 set pass to the magic fish dreaming film curious about the images that will go with this reading of magic fish dreaming then purchase the reward for the pass to the on line film. listen to this reading of magic fish dreaming creature 2 set + plushy platypus and pass to a magic fish dreaming short film on line. the wonderful thing about having two plushies is they can go on adventures together! (check out our blogs.) card reward a mixture of designs will be sent including designs out of the following. 5 cards with envelopes, and a thoughtfully put together pdf of over 25 activities related to the poetry in the book with some notes on the poems. card design samples creature 3 set all that is in creature set 2 and a third plushy. these are the ones that will be possible. koala, tawny, tree kanga and fruit bat or lizard. koala (accompanied here by platypus, from the earlier reward) tawny and tree kanga fruit bat for our children   limited prints (with peace poem by june also enclosed in your parcel.) 'for our children' this above image led june to invite helene to be part of this project. it captures the spirit of a project that thinks of the worlds' diverse children. art work from book reward exclusive prints of the art work from the book will be available at one of the reward levels. this will be an art work you haven't seen yet. only three of these prints will available. to be printed on satin paper for lovely finish (a3: 297mm x 420mm). totem bird of paradise scarf reward (each is unique as hand made.) this very special reward is hand painted by june's mother and brother and features the regina bird of paradise   their village totem. bird of paradise totem scarf   especially made by mother and brother of june cassowary reward (each is unique as hand made so looks slightly different in terms of colour of material) beautifully made by local cassowary coast artist (the place inspiring many of the poems), danielle wilson. hand crafted cassowary education reward 1 2 books, calico bag, 3 posters a2 (420 x 594mm), 5 black line masters, reward stickers (various designs), skype 30 min , 1 plushy  will be a surprise, bat, or tawny frogmouth owl. this one will fit in the calico bag for the purpose of a class activity. education reward 2 all previous education rewards. half day visit with author plus the earlier educational reward, above. additional plushy will be crocodile or tree kanga. please read our terms and conditions. excludes other rewards stream. education reward 3 (cassowary toy included at this level) full day visit from author and illustrator, includes your very own handcrafted cassowary as well as the crocodile, plus introductory talk, and interactive workshop with author and illustrator + earlier educational reward. please read our terms and conditions. excludes other rewards stream. poetry hunter reward how to hunt for a poem 2 posters, soft toy tawny, soft toy tasmanian tiger, two prints hunters for poetry photographs by june perkins signed on satin paper a4 size, 5 stickers, hunting for poem activity book, poetry hunter journal hand made, poetry hunter cards (4), poetry hunter swipe board + earlier rewards [excluding educational rewards] special project june and helene will mentor students in the arts of writing and illustrating poetry and will assist them to construct an installation for the school library or classroom. the program will include composition, collaboration, editing, and touch upon the themes of multiculturalism, creativity, and environment. student hard at work on her talking feather piece   sonja went on to write and film jadella lies! you can see more examples of what we might do in workshops at the magic fish dreaming facebook page. read all about this option and visit our facebook space to see if you want to be the one to purchase this. larger images of rewards to give you a better feel for them ! a close up of the kookaburra hunting for poem 1   photograph june perkins hunting for a poem 2   photograph  by june perkins in need of protection   the quoll sample stickers card designs poetry hunter   hand stitched notebook another one of the bird of paradise scarves educational materials poetry hunter   items posters workshop options example of something that might result from a workshop june and helene do with your class example of one blackline master. notebook for class postage and shipping current shipping list: australia, new zealand, canada, united states, united kingdom, ireland and for books france and papua new guinea. [we can add to this on case by case basis! just checking about the toys for france.] if your country is not listed in the shipping options please contact us and we will see if we can add it. it doesn't mean we don't ship there, but that we will have to do a double check on if there are restrictions on what can be sent into your country and if all postal options are available. it is possible not all reward options will be available to you. author   june perkins taken by heidi den ronden june perkins was an invited presenter at the tasmanian poetry festival, pacific wave festival, cairns writers festival and to indigenous writing groups in canberra and new zealand. she has contributed poetry to several far north queensland anthologies, as well as creating the poetry/photography ripple project in the cassowary coast (2007) she moderates several online arts and creativity group. as well as being a member of real space groups, like writelinks and scwbi. she has been invited to exhibit her photography of her daughter and mother with multicultural and indigenous women's groups for 2017 and her work is regularly featured on the website nineteen months. june received a mentorship for a picture book manuscript from australian society of authors emerging writers and illustrators program, 2015 2016. this is the story of how june found the award winning artist helene magisson illustrator   helene magisson helene magisson is a children’s book illustrator, who graduated from the painting restoration school “art et avenir”, paris (france). her numerous trips in europe and asia, as well as her childhood spent in africa inspire and enrich her work. she believes that travelling is a fantastic source of inspiration. helene was awarded the first prize in the illustration category at the 2013 cya conference. she has illustrated her first book, the velveteen rabbit by margery williams bianco. she was also trained in the art of medieval illumination, exhibiting her work in europe and teaching the history and techniques of medieval miniature in primary and high schools, both in france and in india, where she lived for a few years. when helene settled down in australia, she decided to start a new career in children’s book illustration. then in 2015 she commenced work on several more books, including june's project. thank you to . . . the inspirational and educative children's book academy for their mentoring on this project the wonderful writelinks for all they do for writers for children in brisbane. all supporters of this project, past, present and we hope future. thank you so much for loving this project as much as we do. it means the world! supporters will be kept up to date via the blog, facebook and this site. we'd love you to join our supporters, purchase the book and invite people who would love this book to do so as well. project timeline february/march 2016  Jimmy Fraud  march  june 2016 illustrator works on art, consulting with editor and author, initial consultation also with designer and designer and illustrator may do some collaboration. june  july 2016 designer works with text and supplied art according to printer specs, colour proofing etc. june working on reward orders and launch. august 2016 designer, project manager june and printer, offshore singapore via australian company. preparation of and order of rewards. sept 2016 pre  launch preparations. oct 2016 launch. in person launch brisbane, with a facebook virtual space for people to participate online as well. october december posting out all books/ rewards. workshops to be delivered early 2017. above and below are possible layouts for inside the book. designer will work with these suggestions. what the final cover could look like with spine. will have bar code etc. risks and challenges there is very little risk involved in this project. the selected local printer has a great track record and and iso quality certification. they will print offshore if it is cheaper and ensure the company dealt with offshore is excellent with their printing and ethics. they have a beautiful quality product. the commissioned artists are well known to june and reliable and authentic in their product. the collaboration process between the illustrator and writer has been successfully trialed and this working relationship has proven its success on the first three illustrations for the book (15 to go) and is a delight for both. a similar relationship is forming with the designer. the written text has already been professionally edited by an editor with the added bonus of a background in early childhood education and a great experience of working cross culturally. the printer also has experience with australia post and is willing to provide advice and support in regards to the best way to do this. the printer has the capacity to assist in the production of some of the rewards like posters and journal covers as they are used to supporting independent authors marketing materials. the workshop option and blackline masters have all been trialed or beta tested with various groups and age groups so people will enjoy them. added to that june was taught from a young age to always look for fair bargains by her papua new guinean mum! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 