/descriptionthe sodapop speaker has been designed to solve the main problem for small portable loudspeakers: they struggle to reproduce low frequency bass, resulting in a somewhat feeble sound. the sodapop invention solves this problem by connecting the speaker to its own carrying case or any other suitable plastic bottle. this offers a compact portable wireless speaker that provide you with louder music, twice as much bass and an overall superior sound. the sodapop is designed and developed in oslo, norway by a team consisting of award winning industrial designers, acousticians, tech enthusiasts, speaker nerds and music loving entrepreneurs. sodapop combines scandinavian design, quality and innovation to form a new type of compact portable speakers that looks great and sounds amazing. scandinavian design   characterized by functionality, quality, simplicity and clean lines   ensures that playing music from your mobile devices is intuitive, easy and fun. the custom made bass bottle doubles as a protective carrying case for the speaker unit. even so, the threaded interface that fastens the bottle is compatible with most regular plastic beverage bottles just about anywhere in the world. this makes the sodapop speaker the perfect travelling companion: you can find a suitable bottle everywhere; in your hotel room, the local store, at the beach etc. using the sodapop speaker is a fun, low cost experience with a significant wow factor, all the while creating a new use for the drinking bottle, extending its life cycle and adding value to the empty container. the sodapop speaker forms a natural link between people and popular music. in a fun and social setting, when friends are hanging out and playing music, the sodapop speaker and a soda bottle can be the center of attention. the speaker creates an exciting, new functional value for the bottle, and the users will be able to compare and evaluate different bottle designs, sizes and materials. so there you have it, real bass requires real space. by utilizing the characteristics of the bottle material and the air inside the bottle, the sodapop speaker can increase the sound volume in the bass range by as much as 10db. to the human ear a 10db increase will sound approximately twice as loud, so in other words the sodapop speaker can generate twice as much bass, just by connecting an ordinary soda bottle. the effect is striking once the bottle is attached. we have tested the sodapop in a professional sound lab and the results are exactly what we were aiming for. as the frequency response graphs shows, the sodapop speaker delivers unmatched power throughout the whole audio spectrum. our goal is to achieve the best sound quality in a portable wireless speaker, with as much bass as possible without loss of definition, and at a very consumer friendly price. the sodapop team has been working with professionals in the music and product development industry. they have provided us with regular feedback on prototypes and helped us to get closer and closer to the ultimate sound experience. hundreds of sketches and prototypes have been 3d printed to find the optimal combination of sound, functionality and design. we have teamed up with permafrost, a norwegian design studio based in oslo consisting of five industrial designers. their design philosophy is all about creating consumer products that are user friendly, simple and safe, with just enough personality to make them stand out. at permafrost they are particularly fond of projects that bridge the gap between technology and art, and believe designers have an obligation to turn all the world’s technological achievements into meaningful innovations for people. we have spent a lot of time finding the right manufacturer for the sodapop speaker. after several trips to china we finally found the perfect manufacturer in shenzhen. having developed and produced speakers since 1999, they have tons of experience and a great track record. currently, our manufacturer produces 4 million units pr. year. we are very confident that they are up for the task and ready to deliver the high quality product that meets our scandinavian expectations and demands. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 it’s difficult to present sound in a video! make sure you connect some good headphones, so you can get an impression of how the sodapop sounds like. but still the reproduction of the sound will not be as good as live listening. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 the founders who came up with the sodapop idea all share a passion for music and technology, and they have a lot of experience in electronics and consumer products. the founders gathered experts in multiple domains such as audio design, industrial design, music , speaker  and tech industries. between them, the team members have over 20 years of experience in audio, technology, product design and manufacturing. getting sodapop from idea to reality has been a tremendous team effort. we’ve worked on it full time since 2016. our sodapop portable speakers are now ready for production, and we’re so excited to share what we’ve built with the  Jimmy Fraud  community. early after the birth of the idea of sodapop, the original founders of the sodapop concept initialized a cooperation with permafrost design studio. permafrost is a groundbreaking norwegian design studio with multiple red dot award including best of the best awards. permafrost was established in 2000, founded by 4 industrial designers all educated from the oslo school of architecture. today permafrost consist of 5 brilliant industrial designers and is leading and carrying out the design process for the sodapop speaker. øyvind warp , co founder of sodapop, and head of product development, has significant knowledge and experience with speakers and tech business in general from over 20 years working with electronics. he is also a passionate part time designer and has done the artwork on this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign including videos and animations. øyvind is also taking care of the marketing for this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign. priding himself on being very hands on, øyvind spends a lot of time in norway and china ensuring that the sodapop is developed using the very latest technology, whilst making no compromises on quality. øyvind's passion for tech was the very motivation to start up the company – and he was the one bringing the sodapop from idea to reality by making the first prototypes in the back office of his electronics store. øyvind has great passion for music, his music taste was a bit stuck in electronica in his early years, but luckily his taste for music has expanded to almost every genre you can imagine. øystein lien , co founder of sodapop, is educated in marketing from the norwegian business school (bi), has a long experience in customer relations and service and has worked for more that 15 years in the payment industry. together with nicolai, øystein will take care of sales and distributions of the sodapop. and together with øyvind he is bringing his marketing skills to the test. øystein has a passion for football and he is often referred to as "factastein" as he has knowledge of things nobody else has the brainpower to remember. his taste in music spans from 70´s bowie and 90´s grimey hip hop in wu tang clan, to the 00´s norwegian golden age of electronica and rock music personified in queens of the stoneage, foo fighters and the white stripes. ole nicolai olsen , co founder of sodapop, is educated within maritime disciplines from southampton university, has worked within the shipping business for the last 18 years. nicolai is head of the company board and our financial guru. together with øystein he is also in charge of sales and distributions of the sodapop speaker. nicolai has a big heart, and he is a funny guy to hang out with, but he can also be very focused and disciplined, and that’s a good thing when he uses that to keep the project on the right tracks. nicolai also plays the guitar, used to be in a band, and is a huge pixies fan. tom alexander trones , acoustician, is educated from the norwegian school of science and technology and have worked as a sound consultant on the sodapop project. we knew it would work, tom explained to us why it did. tom also has a great passion for guitars and he used to have long hair to go with it, today he has cut his hair but still loves his guitars, so much he is even building his own on his free time. it looks like his music taste all spans around bands that frequently uses the guitar in their songs. we like that about tom, he´s got passion! we are all audiophiles here. every member of our team participates in different ways in the product development process, from the conception of the idea to fulfillment. we develop the kind of product we would love to have ourselves. we have already spend a lot of our own money on the development of this speaker, now we need your help to make this project come to life. we love cakes! let us visualize the spending for you. the production and development of the moulds + the speakers itself carries the largest cost, after that comes marketing costs of this campaign, because we need to boost our campaign related posts on facebook and instagram in order to stand out from the crowd. click on the banner risks and challenges as a start up, we are fully aware of the risks we are facing and have taken pro active steps to manage and reduce them. having identified our own strengths and weaknesses, we have teamed up with best in class partners wherever we can, in order to have access to appropriate expertise wherever we need it. we have identified the below as our main risk factors, and taken the following steps to eliminate and reduce risk where we can: production the main concept of our speaker is to deliver superior quality at an unbeatable price. we have chosen to outsource production to a chinese factory with a long and strong track record of delivering speakers to european markets. the factory was chosen after careful vetting, and we are confident we have made the right selection. our research revealed that this factory has delivered with error margins down as low as 0,3% (i.e. 3 of 1,000 speakers returned after sales due to errors (this is very good in electronics, where retailers usually accept up to 2%). we intend to keep personnel regularly at the factory once production is up and running to monitor the process and ensure our quality requirements are strictly followed. sodapop intends to start of production in small batches to ensure we are able to monitor and adjust the production to any unforeseen issues. for larger quantities, we run typical supply chain risk. we've done mass production before and we have existing relationship with the manufacturer, who has years of experience with large volumes and has well established connections with subcontractors for the parts needed in this product. our factory partner can deliver well in excess of 4 million speakers per year and hence factory capacity is unlikely to become an issue in the near future. concept quality in order to ensure maximum sound performance, we partnered with an experienced acoustician and an industrial design studio to optimize the design and structure of the speaker. throughout the process, we have tested the prototypes in a professional sound studio. financing revolving credit facility for orders up to 10,000 units is already in place. if the product proves to be a big success the credit facility would have to be re negotiated, but we believe the credit facility we already have negotiated, should be sufficient to handle the demand. the company also has the option of having orders shipped by air freight, reducing the time the drawn credit is used and hence can increase the rotation of the credit to handle an increased number of orders. logistics to ensure that the distribution of our speakers will go as smoothly as possible, we have outsourced the logistics to a professional third party service provider. sales this is an ongoing process which will be intensified once the first production batch has arrived. we have tested our speaker with a couple of electronics retailers and received very positive feedback, but most retailers are reluctant to make orders based on prototypes. still, we have already secured the commitment of one of the leading electronics retailers in scandinavia, and we believe we have already validated the commercial potential for the product. marketing this is also an ongoing process, where we will make use of the different resources available to us at every step of way. we are committed to renewing ourselves constantly, staying updated on the latest tools and trends, to get this speaker on top of every potential portable speaker customer’s mind. we also have the advantage of having an in house team of great creative artists that can produce and deliver any marketing material needed, from in store graphics, packaging and sales material to commercial videos, webpages, banners and posts for social media marketing. patent rights the company has already secured international patent rights for our speaker under the patent cooperation treaty (pct) network which consists of 152 countries and states. we are in the process of securing our patent in most of this network with the help of the biggest intellectual property law firm in norway, also listed as top tier in the world regarding trademark, copyright and patent law. local taxes please note that whilst we endeavor to ensure that import taxes and duties are kept to a minimum for territories outside of our warehouse locations, local import taxes and duties may be required to be paid. sodapop has no control over local customs offices and, as such, cannot be held responsible should you be charged import taxes and duties in addition to your purchase and shipping price. it is always best to check the position in your country beforehand. thank you! all that's left to say is a big thank you! we at sodapop sincerely appreciate your support of our project and for backing us. may we bring real bass to small speakers together! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 