ionwe believe a magazine about animation should be as beautiful as the subjects it encompasses. our passion for bringing artists together to create high quality content shines through on every page. traduction française dans la f.a.q mockup | the final design may change [story time] marimo is the artistic brainchild of adeline marteil. adeline has long adored reading independent magazines, and wanted to create her own, but she had no idea where to start. one day, while reading a book about working at studio ghibli on the subway, inspiration struck! in all the publications about the animation industry, where was the high quality magazine for enthusiasts and professionals alike? she reached out to her former university flatmate and animation graduate ingrid mengdehl to collaborate on the project. and so marimo was born, a bridge between their passion for independent magazines and life long love for animation. issue 01   home more like an art book than a traditional magazine, every page of marimo is meticulously crafted, printed on high quality, environmentally friendly munken paper to ensure each issue can be part of your life long collection. issue 01   home with collaborations between visual artists, animators, filmmakers, and writers, every page is its own unique adventure. marimo focuses on animation across the creative spectrum, from feature films to virtual reality, from television shows to short films. issue 01   home marimo is inspired by projects and creators from all over the world, exploring popular media while also shining the spotlight on up and coming artists and previously unknown works. issue 01   home marimo’s goal is to be a source of inspiration and knowledge for everyone, from young students, to casual animation viewers, to professionals wanting to learn more about the processes and artists in their industry. animation is for everyone, young or old, serious, humorous, adventurous, and every person and personality in between. we invite you to join us on our journey to discover the previously unexplored facets of the animation industry, and fall in love with new ideas and the ever changing realm of animation. fear can shape the way we see our world. it can stop us from exploring new avenues, or push us into new adventures. fear can be your worst nightmare, or a catalyst to your greatest creative endeavors. what creates our antipathy, and how does our relationship with fears change as we grow from childhood into adulthood? why do some people run towards phantasmagoric experiences and others run as far away as possible? from the ancient ghosts of robertson’s phantasmagorias to today’s cgi enhanced stories, come with us as we discover the meanings behind the madness. mockup | the final design may change in the second issue of marimo magazine, we will be exploring the theme of phantasmagoria in all its haunting beauty through interviews, essays, and storytelling, with visual artists from around the world collaborating to captivate your senses on every page. so grab a lantern, and take a walk through the darkened forest with us. we are excited to share some of the issue’s highlights, which include : original artworks throughout from renowned illustrators, animators and more! because marimo is now a monolingual publication, we’ve been able to add more content! issue 02 will consist of 88 pages of original english language writing. we’ve done our best to keep prices consumer friendly while still being able to give the world the beautiful high quality magazine they expect. if possible, we would love to stick to our bilingual roots, which is why our first stretch goal is to include french translations of every article for ease of information and circulation for our french and global audience. we have added more contributors and artists, and we will be adding a web version of marimo as well! marimo is a project all our contributors and readers are incredibly passionate about. you will never get pages of unwanted advertisements when you open our magazine, just the gorgeous layout and thought provoking articles you’ve been longing for. in order to keep marimo ad free, we need support from people like you! we would love the opportunity to make our magazine viable in the long term and easily accessible to readers across the globe. this means we need to be able to pay our contributors, translators, manufacturers, and shipping costs. we believe marimo is a project that will benefit the entire animation industry across the world. a lofty goal? yes. but animators have never been ones to dream small. did you find some quarters in the couch? awesome, we'll take them, and make sure they get shined. marimo started as a passion project and means the world to us, but we create this beautiful publication for you. we can’t thank you enough for being part of our team! risks and challenges it’s been said that the greatest rewards come from taking risks. marimo is a step outside our comfort zone, a risk just by existing. we have a small, dedicated team, so the creation of each issue takes longer than a traditional magazine. we aim for releases twice a year to ensure there is no loss of quality and a minimal risk for backers and contributors. most of the illustrations will not be commissioned until the completion of the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign. the french translations also depend on the success of the stretch goals. we are doing our best to keep marimo bilingual but we need your help! it’s possible that there may be unforeseen printing or delivery issues, but we expect everything to go smoothly as we are continuing our partnership with our printer and mailing fulfilment from the first issue. we do our best to minimize any potential snags, so our very latest deadline for sending out issue 02 of marimo will be prior to christmas. marimo makes a great gift for any animation, film, or art lovers in your life! (and you can keep the bonus gifts for yourself, we won't tell anyone.) learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 