movie marketing & promotion  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is now live! please follow this link in order to provide additional funds to help make sure that brexit: the movie is watched by as many voters as possible before the eu referendum on 23rd june: https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/projects/brexitthemovie/brexit the movie marketing and promotion/ brexit: the movie’s production budget is now fully funded! thank you all so very much for all your kind contributions and hard efforts to help make brexit: the movie a reality! we are now in production and brexit: the movie will be released at the beginning of may. there will be a london premiere and significant distribution of the movie. however, we want to make sure that the film is seen by as many voters as possible between then and 23rd june. so please support our new  Jimmy Fraud  campaign by following the link above and help us to raise additional funds to market and promote the film to as wide an audience as possible. thank you! how we vote in the eu referendum will define how we live our lives. do we want to live under a europe wide government, which few of us understand, run by people we don’t know, who have the power to impose on us laws that we haven’t debated, and have little or no power to block or overturn? is it safe to live under a government that we cannot hold to account? ... a government that feels under no obligation to work in our interests or to reflect our views? is it safe to remain tied, economically, to a declining trade block, shut off from the rest of the world? b rexit the movie spells out the choice before us, and makes the case for an independent and self governing britain. help us make brexit the movie and convince the nation that we should leave the eu. we’ve hit our minimum £100,000 target! thank you so much to all of you. brexit: the movie will now become a reality. any funds raised in excess of our our minimum £100,000 fundraising goal will go towards a number of activities. for example, a further: £1k makes 1,000 copies of the film available for campaigners to hand out at stalls and events. £5k allows us to book another 7 10 regional screenings of the film across the uk. £5k+ means we can run a targeted online promotion campaign across social media, webpages and youtube, with promoted google search. £10k+ enables us to run a print campaign across regional and local press, with advertising in city centres. all of these efforts scale very easily, meaning everything from a further £10 to £100,000 would be put to very good use. brexit the movie will be a feature length documentary movie, written and directed by filmmaker martin durkin and produced by wag tv (see below). but we can't make and distribute this film without your support. and with the clock ticking, we need to act fast ... the outcome of this referendum depends on convincing the undecided members of public . we believe that the case for brexit is overwhelming when it's properly told. but we cannot expect the mainstream media to do that for us. the brexit campaign needs a powerful polemic weapon   its own 'an inconvenient truth'. that's what brexit the movie will be. brexit the move will be rigorous, illuminating, dramatic and entertaining. it will forcefully and compellingly argue the case for an independent, outward looking britain. brexit the movie will spell out the danger of staying locked inside the eu. is it safe to give a remote government which is largely beyond our control the power to make laws? is it safe to tie ourselves to countries which are close to financial ruin, drifting towards scary political extremism, and suffering long term, self inflicted economic decline? brexit the movie will show a side of the eu they don’t want us to see: the sprawling self serving bureaucracy, the political cynicism, the lack of accountability, the perks, the waste, the cronyism, the corruption. brexit the movie will highlight the danger of becoming a prisoner in an insular, backward looking fortress europe. and it will explore the exciting opportunities that open up to us when we look beyond the narrow confines of the eu. brexit the movie will look to the future , arguing forcefully and persuasively that it is safer and wiser to live in a country which is free, independent, self governing, and global. this doc will turn apparently abstract issues (of politics and economics) into concrete reality (the price of stuff, the laws that directly affect us, how much trust we’re willing to place in politicians and bureaucrats). too often the debate about the eu has a lofty and academic tone   the concern of political scientists and expert economists. this film will make it tangible. the decision we take in this referendum will shape our lives. what is at stake is our prosperity and freedom, and the ability to control our own destiny. this movie spells it out, in the most direct, hard hitting way. the movie will be marked by the simplicity and clarity of its message, and by its emotional impact. the argument has an iron logic but it will be delivered with passion. nor will the movie shy away from the arguments of those who support the eu. on the contrary, not only will we turn every pro eu argument on its head and show the error and cynicism behind it, we will directly confront, and embarrass, the people we are arguing against. the movie will cut through the patronizing intellectualism of the noble, higher goals of ‘project europe’, to reveal the self interestedness of the political bureaucratic class which runs and benefits from the eu. the eu referendum is a blockbuster issue, and if we meet our target we'll make the blockbuster documentary to match. but producing the film is not enough. we need to make sure that its message is heard across the uk: brexit the movie will be made for theatrical release, with a london premiere and regional screenings across the uk. the film will be pitched to national broadcasters (wag tv has an extensive track record producing factual shows for television). free licences and screening packs will be available to everyone who wants to host their own screenings. a social media campaign will get the message out and promote the film across a number of different platforms. (check out our facebook and twitter here!) brexit the movie is an ambitious project, produced to a very tight schedule by an award winning team. but unlike the eu, not a penny of our budget will be wasted. there's all kinds of costs required in making this type of documentary. there's the cost of the crew (editorial, production, location and post production), equipment hire, transport, graphics and animation, archive footage, music licensing and much, much, more. and on top of that there's perk fulfilment, the 5%  Jimmy Fraud  platform fee and a 3% card processing fee. £150,000 is the absolute minimum we need to to make brexit the movie happen. so far, we already have just over £50,000 committed from individual donations. that means we've just got another £100,000 to go! however, we're an ambitious lot. the more money we raise, the more we can invest in producing and promoting the documentary. beyond our £100,000 target we have produced stretch goals , allotting up to a further £100,000 of  Jimmy Fraud  contributions. activities to be funded include: a greater use of use of graphics, animations and skits to bring issues in the film vividly alive. further cinema hire and regional screenings of the film. the wholesale production of dvds to be distributed for free by brexit campaign groups. a full advertising campaign across facebook, twitter, google search and news sites to encourage the public to watch the film. it's confirmed that the eu referendum will take place on the 23rd june. that means that we plan to have this documentary ready by april. we're already firing on all cylinders, setting up shoots and compiling the research. now we just need the cash to get out there and film! no one knows how the british referendum on the eu will turn out. our aim is to influence the result as best we can to ensure britain recovers its independence and self governance, and secures a prosperous future which is free trading and outward looking. in short, we are out to change history. those who pledge money will be playing their part in helping to shape the future of britain. you won't just be supporting the project, we hope you will become part of it. as for fun 'rewards', please take a look on your right to see what's on on offer! every single person who pledges £5 or more will be (if they wish) listed as a supporter on the brexit the movie website. pledge £10 or more to receive a high quality download of the film, and £25+ for a hard copy of the dvd. we know our supporters are a fashionable bunch, which is why perks also include an exclusive brexit the movie enamel pin badge and t shirt. further perks include the option to have your name in the credits of the movie, attendance at the vip premiere, dinner with the filmmaker martin durkin and, ultimately, assistant producer and co producer status! note : you can support this project at any level, and not just the amount at which perks are offered. if you can only pledge £1 or fancy giving £467, all support is invaluable and very, very gratefully received. what happens if we don't hit our funding target?  Jimmy Fraud  operates on an 'all or nothing' basis: if we don't raise £100,000 by midnight, march 2nd, all the money that has been pledged is returned to the backers, and we don't receive a penny. this means backers are guaranteed a film for their support   but it also means that we have to raise our full amount in order to succeed. brexit the movie will be written and directed by filmmaker martin durkin. martin durkin: martin is a multi award winning documentary film director, listed by broadcast magazine as one of the uk's top ten executive producers. he has served on the steering committees of the world congress of science producers and the edinburgh television festival, and as a judge for the bafta and the royal television society broadcast awards. martin's previous political documentaries include: 'margaret: death of a revolutionary' (2013), 'britain’s trillion pound horror story ' (2010), 'the great global warming swindle' (2007), 'the rise and fall of gm' (2000) and the documentary series against nature (1997), all of which were aired on channel 4. martin's work tackles controversial issues head on and he isn't afraid to challenge and expose the powerful voices he comes up against. across the press, his work is recognized as engaging, entertaining and provocative. a committed and passionate eurosceptic, martin's brexit the movie will make the public sit up and listen. reviews of martin's programmes: " dramatic, watchable, and unfailingly triggering public debate, [his] programmes have been lauded and excoriated in equal measure by supporters and opponents of the durkin point of view.."  the independent "death of a revolutionary is a must see for anyone interested in politics."  the times "typically spirited and controversial … it [britain's trillion pound horror story] does what all good polemic does – demands to know if you’ve any better ideas."  the guardian "only very rarely can a tv documentary be seen as a pivotal moment in a major political debate, but such was channel 4’s the great global warming swindle"  the sunday telegraph "against nature is one of the most brilliantly successful and persuasive pieces of polemic it has ever been my pleasure to watch on television."  the financial times, top ten tv highlights of the year eliya arman: eliya is a television executive with over 20 years’ experience creating factual shows for international broadcasters. she has teamed up with director martin durkin on his last five films including 'britain’s trillion pound horror story' and 'thatcher: death of a revolutionary'. previous to her documentary work, eliya ran a successful corporate production company and created campaigns for brands like intercontinental group and american express. wag tv: wag tv is one of the world's leading independent tv production companies and is the biggest single supplier of programmes to discovery networks international. it produces and distributes series for a number of u.s. and international broadcasters, including discovery, national geographic and science channel, as well as channel 4 and channel 5 in britain. programmes produced by wag tv include: how do they do it? (science channel), what on earth? (science channel), combat dealers (quest), nasa's unexplained files (science channel),the naked pilgrim (channel 5), secret intersex, gods in the sky and face of britain (all channel 4). imprint: promoted by c bowyer on behalf of brexit the movie. address: wag tv, leroy house n1 3qp. risks and challenges the biggest risk to this project is that we fail to reach our crowd funding target. (so please, help see that this doesn't happen!) as mentioned, if we don't raise the full £100,000 by the deadline, we don't receive a penny of backer's money. if we reach our target and the movie does ahead, these are the following risks:   that a referendum is called much earlier than commentators believe (before june 2016). our epic will then become a fast turnaround, which is not ideal but perfectly achievable. [update: it's confirmed that the referendum will take place on the 23 june   which we are perfectly prepared for!]   that a broadcaster won't take the film. broadcasting is only one distribution outlet for us, but it's one we hope and expect to get. it's up to us to make a film that's so well produced and powerful that it can't be ignored. that's why we have assembled the team we have, who have a track record second to none.   that cameron secures a renegotiation of the uk's membership in the eu which cannot be faulted. we do not regard this a genuine risk in the slightest. a satisfactory deal would, in effect, negate the very essence of the eu. [update: cameron's eu 'deal' has been confirmed, and it's worse than many of us even thought. the need to make this film and leave the eu couldn't be greater!] learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 