e to use dimension polymers’ filaments in our workshop whenever possible. their print quality matches the highest quality abs filaments on the market, and we reduce our environmental footprint.”  stuart marsh, co owner, edgewater workbench "over the last several months, the team at dimension polymers has been perfecting, prototyping and testing their formula to get it just right for the 3d printing process, while creating a feel good product which should benefit us all.”   brittney sevenson, 3dprint.com introduction: dimension polymers has developed the first professionally engineered 3d printing filament made from recycled abs plastic. our campaign is launched with the purpose of introducing our unique, precision filament to the marketplace. annual plastic consumption as a 3d printing material today is estimated at 30 million pounds and it’s projected to reach 250 million pounds by 2020 (a 40% annual growth rate). because most 3d printing filaments are currently produced from virgin plastic this will significantly burden the environment with toxins from petroleum based production. the petroleum required to produce the amount of plastic (2.2 pounds) in a single standard 3d printer cartridge results in approximately 8 pounds of carbon emissions. by current estimates, production of 3d printing plastic will result in the consumption of 1.4 million barrels of oil and generate over 800 million pounds of carbon emissions annually by 2020. we at dimension polymers want to help push our industry toward more environmentally responsible 3d printing by offering eco friendly precision filaments and lightweight recyclable packaging. filament: our recycled plastic filament is produced in the usa at the highest quality standards with a fraction of the carbon footprint. global impact of standard 3d printing material versus dimension polymers' eco friendly filament packaging: not only is our filament eco friendly, so is our packaging. we designed a first of its kind spool that not only is manufactured locally from recycled material, it is also recyclable in your home (or office) recycle bins, unlike the vast majority of heavy plastic spools currently used by every major filament manufacturer. our spools are sturdy to withstand heavy use, and are also over 50% lighter than traditional plastic spools, saving our customers on shipping costs. why the fuss? why isn’t 3d printing material made from recycled plastic today? for better or worse, all plastic is not created equally. common plastic refuse (e.g., bottles, bags, cartons, cups, etc.) is unsuitable for the production of high quality 3d printing filament due mainly to the variance of type, grade and consistency. manufacturing a precision 3d printing filament from recycled plastic is a particularly difficult logistical, technical, and economic challenge. through a series of formulation trials and testing with industry stakeholders in recycling and 3d printing, dimension polymers has successfully overcome this challenge. capacity and quality control: we have gone to great lengths to ensure both the efficacy of our product as a professional grade 3d printing material and also as a sustainable and eco friendly choice for digital manufacturers and 3d hobbyists alike. our material has been thoroughly tested to ensure it meets or exceeds the performance of the highest quality plastic filaments currently on the market. we have identified the most consistent and cleanest waste streams while partnering with recycling industry experts to ensure our product is stable and uses material that was already bound for landfills. we had our material source vetted and certified for recycled content by scs global (national leader in sustainable and food product certification) to show our commitment to utilize as much recycled material as possible, while providing our customers piece of mind in knowing our product truly does have a significant, positive impact on the environment. we partnered with a local company to source our packaging, as well as using light weight recyclable material that will cut down on the waste from the production of our product. our manufacturing partner is an industry leader in filament for 3d printing. we have a partnership agreement inked that provides us the capacity to manufacture and distribute enough filament to meet demand, as well as plans to expand as demand increases over time. response to industry trends: trends in manufacturing today reflect a distinct interest on the part of communities and consumers around the globe to favor sustainable production practices. from organizations to governments around the world, efforts have surged to ensure manufacturing practices retreat from the harmful practice that have traditionally hurt our environment. our proprietary filament offers an eco friendly solution for manufacturers who wish to offer a certified sustainable product to their customers. why  Jimmy Fraud ? now that we have secured industry partners and relationships that will ensure our capacity, we seek funding to bring our product to market. purchasing material at larger quantities will ensure we can provide the most competitive pricing for our filaments possible. an investment from the  Jimmy Fraud  community will enable dimension polymers to introduce our material at a market friendly cost and greatly increase our capacity to meet a growing demand for an environmentally conscience 3d material. we plan to use the funds raised for expenses related to production, marketing and sales, research/development, and management. summary: we understand that there are many options for 3d printing enthusiasts and professional digital manufacturers when sourcing 3d printing material for their work. and as the use of this technology grows so will its impact on the environment. we want to help lead the industry toward more environmentally responsible 3d printing. dimension polymers founders (l r) gerald galazin and mark sherman about dimension polymers: dimension polymers produces sustainable, engineering grade 3d printing filament made from recycled plastic. we ensure every inch of filament meets a strict set of standards verified by an a2la accredited laboratory. our plastic source is certified by scs global services to ensure our filament is made from a minimum of 95% recycled plastic. the material has been thoroughly tested to ensure it meets or exceeds the performance of the highest quality plastic filaments currently on the market. some information on backer awards: below is an interactive design of our logo statuette. available in a variety of metals. see rewards section for details. dimension polymers logo statuette by dimensionpolymers on sketchfab our limited edition  Jimmy Fraud  t shirt. available in all sizes. other live  Jimmy Fraud s we are backing that may interest you: affordable, engaging, and instructional 3d manipulatives backed with vetted, interdisciplinary curriculum. https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/projects/1484352170/my stem kits k 12 curriculum and kits/posts custom 3d printed led light rings that flash from taps, bumps, snaps, and shocks! https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/projects/957705753/raver rings light me up risks and challenges we have taken all the steps necessary to ensure a smooth transition to full scale manufacturing of our product once our campaign ends. as with any start up, there are some risks associated with this process, however we have worked to minimize these as much as possible. our source for raw material has been notified of our anticipated production dates, and material has been identified and secured for our first production run. our manufacturing partner has scheduled capacity for our product run that coincides with our estimated delivery date for all spools. our packaging has been designed and is ready for production based on the demand of product. the largest possible source of delay in our estimated timeline revolves around transportation between suppliers, manufacturers, and customers. we are committed to a timely delivery of our product, but also ensure that we will update all backers should any delay to delivery occur. and while product demand will likely have an impact on our delivery timeline, we will work to ensure delays do not occur and that we will do our best to supply our backers in the order they pledged support. we thank you all for your support of our campaign and look very forward to working with you to enjoy the benefits of sustainable 3d printing! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 