tionthe jen oikawa trio is recording a 6 song ep of original jazz tunes, written by jen, that all connect to her story of moving from canada and creating a life in los angeles. featuring jen oikawa on piano, brandon shaw on bass, ryan shaw on drums, and guest musicians. the story behind the story it was 2001 and i was on my way to los angeles. driving my little cherry red tercel, packed to the brim, a traveling companion in the passenger seat, in the august heat, with no air conditioning, down the i 5 all the way from canada. by the time we reached the central valley we could have been steeping tea in our water bottles. i thought i was just making a temporary move to complete a masters degree in music and to work at a tiny church i had somehow managed to get hired at, sight unseen. but as most stories go, it turned into so much more. and if i had known what all was ahead of me, how long it would take to feel some sense of home in los angeles, i think i would have turned back, handed in my visa at the border with a few quick words: “thanks. but no thanks.” i want to share my story of creating a life here in los angeles. a story about a canadian girl starting from scratch to establish community and make connections, in a new place with huge hidden differences from the culture she grew up in, difficult to define or even recognize but definitely felt. who, amidst navigating all of this, was being introduced to new possibilities, and discovering uncovered musical ambitions that were dying for her to find the courage to pursue them. it’s a story about the overwhelming process of forging a new path. and to my own bewilderment, i am still here! and excited about who i am becoming. i’m a musician and the way that i share my story is through my music. my hope for you, potential future listeners, is that through this album you would connect with my story, be inspired, encouraged, challenged to pursue your own calling, assured that you are not alone, that god is for you. and so it begins. this album is going to be a six song ep of original jazz compositions that all relate to my story of creating a life here in los angeles after moving from my hometown of calgary. i’m jen oikawa : a pianist, jazz artist, composer, arranger, piano teacher, pie maker, french pressed coffee drinking freelance musician living in south pasadena, california. i have a jazz trio. this will be our second album. and i have a co producer this time. the team is made up of multi faceted, multi talented, professional musician artists. let me introduce them to you! the team meet gary lee . co producer. his experience and expertise in recording and album production is invaluable to this project! a quick read of his bio and you’ll see what i mean. we met 13 years ago in the rhythm section of the apu jazz ensemble. at first i mistook him to be just your average young punk guitar player. i was so wrong. i mean, really wrong. he quickly became one of my favorite people. a guitarist. an ambitious musician. immensely talented. dedicated to his craft. and funny! and he’s giving away downloads of his acoustic album in the backer rewards on this project. a lovely compliment to the piano driven ep we will be making for you! meet brandon shaw . upright bassist. his tone, his groove, his musical smarts, his jazz sensibilities and his beard. these are but a few of the strengths of bassist, brandon shaw. he’s been the bass player for the jen oikawa trio for several years and played on our debut album: project one. i first met brandon on a wedding gig. a strong musician with a fun demeanor, he soon became my first call bassist! since that time his pursuits as a musician have expanded way beyond the scope of this short, paragraphical introduction to the success that is brandon shaw. check out his website . check out his blog . you’re gonna want to know more and more. just remember to come back here. we need your support on this project! meet ryan shaw . jazz drummer. yes. that’s right. brothers. a bass drums brother brother duo. ryan is the newest and youngest member of the trio. he stepped in when we needed a drummer for the release concert of our debut album in 2013. only 18 at the time, we gave him a copy of the album to prepare for the show and he came into rehearsal knowing our tunes better than we did! his chops and his musical skill are well beyond his years and when we found ourselves in need of a new drummer, ryan was at the top of the list. currently immersing himself in jazz studies at usc, he is already a sought after professional drummer. the plan to record an album. we’ve done it before. our debut album came out of a successful  Jimmy Fraud  campaign in the summer of 2012. the experience and knowledge gained from that process has shaped our preparation for this next project. what’s different about this project compared to our first? this one is all original compositions. our style has evolved. and i’ve been writing more. why just an ep? i saw a connecting theme with about 5 of my current original compositions and that led to the vision for this album. and with the smaller number of tracks needed for an ep, we’re able to bring the costs down, making this project more likely to be funded and more likely to happen. our projected timeline in a nutshell we’ve already been doing a lot of planning and a lot of promotion so that when this campaign starts, it’s already running. we have a detailed timeline to keep us on track through each stage of this project. five of the six songs have been written, and the sixth song is well underway. our first task was to set the vision. that’s done. then get the team on board. that’s done. next anticipate the budget. also . . . done. now we’re fundraising. next we’ll be choosing the right studio and engineer for recording, then for mixing, then for mastering. we will also have guest musicians enhancing the nucleus of the tunes set by the trio. once we have our master then we’ll prepare it to share as a digital download and as a hardcopy cd. our projected release date is april 2016! our budget what’s the money for? studio rental, engineering for the recording, mix and mastering, cd production, cover design, additional musicians, fundraising costs, and a buffer for those tiny miscellaneous costs that add up. could we use more money? heck yes! can we make it happen with this budget? absolutely! donating our own time and talents, as well as working within our network of musicians that we already have established relationships with, gary and i set this number as the minimum budget needed to make this happen. thank you for taking the time to learn about our project if you just read all of this, i’m impressed. and honored. thank you for taking the time. i suspect at this point you’re thinking, “did she write all of this herself?” and the answer is yes. yes i did. it’s impressive, right? if i’m this good at writing, something i don’t do professionally, think of how great i must be at playing music!!! listen. watch. find out more. psalm 46 (there is a river): composed by jen oikawa my romance: arrangement by the jen oikawa trio campanion video series i’m currently sharing a weekly video series all about the making of this album. including backstories on the tunes, how i wrote them, what their titles mean, and more! here's episode 4 of the series, including footage of us rehearsing a couple of the tunes slated to be on this ep! to view more videos from this series go to www.jenoikawa.com/the show ! risks and challenges we are strongly committed to making this album a reality and we have the experience to show that we can! our first album, project one was funded by a  Jimmy Fraud  campaign in 2012 and released in 2013! we completed production and fulfilled our backer rewards. we had some delays, but we shared each step and challenge of our progress with our backers. that alone is evidence of our integrity and our ability to complete the project and follow through on our promises to the backers. plus we have that experience under our and belt and this time we also have a co producer bringing a wealth of production experience to this project! we have a detailed schedule of the recording process, we are working with amazing professional musicians, and we have a co producer to guide the sessions so the musicians can focus on the music. we recognize that there are challenges that could cause a delay in our production. there is so much flux that is happening in this industry and getting schedules to line up with the musicians, and the studio and the engineers can take some creativity. we will work hard to stay on track with our timeline, but if we do experience a delay i suspect this would be the reason. but it would only be a delay, and we would stay committed to bringing it all together as soon as possible! furthermore, we have a great team and are also connected to a great community of musicians. that gives us the confidence to know that if unexpected challenges arise, we have a lot of people that we can call on for help if need be. once in the studio the challenge becomes capturing great performances of the songs. we’ll need to work quickly to stay on schedule while simultaneously capturing creative and inspiring performances. post production challenges include getting a great mix on the songs, creating a beautiful cd package that communicates the theme of this e.p., manufacturing the cds, and delivering the final product to our wonderful backers who have made this album possible. we are currently in the process of choosing the right team members for design and mixing and we’re going to be using disc makers end to end services for manufacturing. throughout this process we’ll be sharing each step of the journey with our backers to help this music be enjoyed by as many people as possible. thank you for taking the time to learn about our project! this is a creative journey and we appreciate you considering being a part of it! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 