entric tavern to california’s capital city! this city has needed this sort of place for a long time, and now we’re ready to make it happen – with the help of the thousands of people that no doubt have been waiting for it. in one age, called the third age by some, an age yet to come, an age long past, a wind rose in the mountains of…wait, that’s not the right intro. let’s try that again. in a hole in the ground, there lived a – no, that’s wrong again. here it is: once upon a time, two gamers realized that we gamers need a place of our own. the ranks of the gamer army have been swelling for years, now, and for most of us there is no longer any stigma attached to an open discussion on gaming. on the contrary, for most of us it is relatively easy to find others with a desire to toss some dice or move some models around. as many of us who grew up playing tabletop games have since “come of age,” the time honored elements of beer and social interaction have found their ways into our lives. our gaming group’s story involves the process of turning a garage into a gaming and drinking den, where we could play board games, video games, and pathfinder without the problems attached to gaming elsewhere. when we played at local gaming shops, we’d have the problems of not being able to drink and being forced to monitor our language. when we played in homes, we’d have the problems of lacking space and availability. at some point in the process of setting this gaming haven up, two of us began to express a desire to do something bigger with our passions and experience. we wanted to create a place where even more gamers could get together and game in an adult setting, replete with all the tools to encourage a great time – other players, food, drinks, and tons of games. thus was save point tavern conceived. we're going to create a place where we can welcome gamers of all types to feel welcome and accepted among a group of others who share their frenzied passions. we need your help, however, to make this dream a reality. help us spread the word! please tell your friends about save point, in person and online. even if they don’t live in the area, they might visit or just want to support an awesome cause. important links: facebook – twitter check us out on instagram once we start building! early on in our discussions, we realized that it would be most efficient to decide on a focus for the business, and decided that we wanted a “gaming spot with drinks” over a “bar which happens to have games.” while certainly there will be more of a party like atmosphere on weekend evenings, the major focus of the tavern is to provide a place for gamers to come together for regular (or sporadic, if you insist) gaming where they don’t have to worry about things like food, drinks, supplies, and non gaming interference. this tavern is going to be the kind of gaming locale where you can play with your established playgroup or randomly set up with like minded strangers who after a game or two won’t be so strange any more (or maybe they will be, and you’ll like that). the tavern will look like just that – a medieval tavern complete with oaken furniture and rustic lighting. we’ll have tables in a community area for all types of games, including specialist tables for larger wargaming and the like. there will be a mountain of board games and card games to check out, and gaming consoles hooked up to televisions over the bar. in addition, we'll have three or four private rooms which can be reserved for more involved roleplaying games, so that rpgers can do their thing in relative seclusion. there will be regular showings of fantasy and sci fi movies and shows, hosted tournaments, author signings, and themed events. we will have games to rent (of varying complication and pricing), and a small store where we will sell supplies and bar merchandise. we’re also going to have a secondary area to the tavern, futuristic themed and replete with faux metal and awesome lighting. this area will have arcade cabinets and pinball machines, including some of your favorites from childhood paired with some newer games. care for a more private experience? this second area will also include private booths with couches and multiple generations of consoles set up for your enjoyment. our goal is to have drinks catering to all tastes. while we plan to have our bar stocked with all of the popular liquors and beers, we’ll make sure to have room for more classic libations such as mulled wine and mead. we’ll have a kitchen pumping out proper tavern food of exquisite quality with the geekiest names around. as mentioned earlier (don’t scroll up, we assure you we mentioned it), we need your help to bring this dream to life. while we have a large portion of the funds set up, this sort of thing costs a lot of money. we're not rich   we're just two guys who want to throw some life savings at something we love and we're going to make this tavern as awesome as possible. in order to do things like make the décor as authentic as possible, make the gaming opportunities as robust and diverse as you deserve, and ensure that this place is as much yours as it is ours, we ask you to do what you can to make it happen. norcal has been begging for this sort of place for a long time, and the level of participation we get in this project will be the impetus behind the creation of a great place for gamers of all types to go to do the things they love most. we hope to see you there! what we’ve done so far the groundwork has been laid, and we’ve done a lot of work before getting to this point. here’s a taste of what we’ve done over the last few months: completed appropriate business filings both on the city/state/federal levels. we’ve also registered the applicable trademarks. established a good amount of funding between our current savings. we have secured 55% of our projected budget, and if this  Jimmy Fraud  is wonderfully successful then we won’t have to mortgage our lives with “da bank.” networking! we've connected with artists and contractors for various reasons. we've created all of the proper social media outlets and started connecting with people we feel will help support save point. we’ve got partnerships with horror show beers n fears and videogame news site bruised thumbs. also exciting, we’ve secured our own brand of save point house wines to always have in stock, and we're working with nine worlds winery for our meadery needs. solidified a business plan which will establish the bar as well as a growth plan which will continue its development. we consulted with a professional in this area to check our numbers, and we’ll continue to shape the bar’s future on this plan. there’s no point in securing funding and starting it up unless we can ensure its continued success, right? we’ve started the process of leasing and realty. contact with a realtor has revealed some prime locations in the midtown/downtown sacramento area, and we continue to peruse for a place that is large enough, well placed, and has ample parking. liquor licensing is the part which has to wait the longest, but we have done everything we can do (including extensive legal research) to set this up for quick turnaround once the other boxes have been checked. check out our media appearances! podcast, serious talk seriously 08/12/14 podcast, bruised thumbs 08/27/14 tv, good day sacramento 09/07/14 electrical, lighting, and sound ($4,500): this is a large portion of the initial goal, because although this stuff is generally behind the scenes, it is rather important and adds up quickly. this includes rewiring the current lighting at the location, adding fantasy themed mood lighting and fixtures, and other cool effects. it also includes the overall sound setup of the facility, which will allow us to play thematic music and make announcements when necessary. custom gaming tables ($5,000): if you’ve ever tried to build or buy a good customized gaming table, you’ve seen that they are expensive. dariush has his own custom table design that will allow us to create the necessary furniture at a lower cost than many out there, but we still need a lot of supplies and tools to get the job done. these will be the backbone of the tavern, and a major thing that sets us apart. licensing for tv shows, films, etc. ($2,500): the ability to show all of our favorite geek tv shows and movies is based on the ability to avoid litigation while doing so. getting licensing for all things familiar is important, and while it’s likely to cost more than this amount, this will be a good start for the core. this also affects our ability to hold themed events based on popular geekdom. building up the board and card game library ($3,500): games are expensive, and we're going to have as many of them as possible. this area covers board games, card games, and video games. we’d also like help purchasing a 3d printer to make custom game pieces with. gaming technology ($7,000): the largest area of them all, simply by the nature of how expensive these items are. this covers video game consoles and accessories, but most importantly it covers the massive amounts of television sets we have to purchase. these networks of video tasticness have to be set up, which includes lots of cords and technological accoutrements.  Jimmy Fraud  fees ($2,500):  Jimmy Fraud  has to keep itself going in order to help us get the backers we need! as you may know,  Jimmy Fraud  and amazon together take a good 10% of what we raise in fees (as they should, someone’s got to pay for these sites). this covers that area so that we can use the rest for the legitimate creation of save point. dariush gheyssarieh – lawful carpenter 2/tile setter 5/accounts manager 7/entrepreneur 2 dariush has long held the belief that the best way to be a balanced person is to throw yourself obsessively into whatever passion takes ahold of you next. while his parents believed gaming was just a phase, it became a lifelong relationship that he continued to return to. he discovered the world of gaming through joe devers' "lone wolf" books, which led him into picking up a d&d rules cyclopedia and together with his brother from another mother, he began teaching himself how to roleplay. when not roleplaying, videogaming, or reading, he can be found trudging through the dreary world of a government employee. he has worked in various construction related fields, and will provide invaluable guidance through the building phase of the tavern. he’ll also build our custom gaming tables and manage the accounts until he decides to pass that on to an accountant. last, he’s got some bartending experience that will prove rather useful. anthony barajas – lawful digital artist 3/law student 2/project manager 5/business owner 3 anthony has been a gamer since he was 10 years old, hiding his dungeons & dragons 3rd edition player’s handbook under his mattress so his religious mother wouldn’t take it from him and brand him a devil worshipper. he plays games of all types whenever he gets the chance, from magic: the gathering to warhammer 40k to mortal kombat. he’s got star wars flowing through his veins and tattooed on his body (literally), and knows off the top of his head what the gestation period of a bantha is. in real life, he’s an insurance compliance analyst and is finishing up law school, and will be responsible for much of the legal business side of the bar. he’s got some skill with digital art creation (as can be seen here and on our website) and extensive project management experience. he also owns a successful business with his wife crystale, where he handles the majority of the business and legal side of things. and we want save point to be yours as much as ours. the character of this wonderful place will be built as much by its patrons and backers as anything we two could put into it. to that idea, we're going to create an atmosphere of personalized service for those who want to count themselves among the tavern’s regulars. behold the gamer card, which will have your name, picture, and character class and be yours alone. the gamer card is a badge representing a regular group of patrons, like the characters from cheers. the gamer card gets you access to special deals, exclusive convention after parties, preferred table and private room reservation, and special game rental rates. you also get a personalized beer mug that will be kept chilled and clean at the bar for you, waiting for your use when you show up! per your request, the gamer card (at the $75 discounted  Jimmy Fraud  amount) is now an add on to any backer who wants it. in addition, one 1 year gamer card membership has been automatically added to the following pledge levels: fabled hero, heroes of yore, war hero, and adventuring party. you do not have to do anything extra to receive this add on. to add this item to your pledge, click on “manage pledge” and increase by the $75 amount. after the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is over we will want to be reminded so we can get that set up for you. as it is, save point plans to have regular screenings of the movies and tv shows we all have come to love. the television sets will be active all throughout the day, but we will make it a point to have marathons of movie series and thematic events paired with whatever it is we’re showing together. for the first of many plans related to this, we’ve got an early partnership set up with the online horror show beers n fears to do semi regular showings and filming. the purchase of an hdmi 3d projector and its accompanying pull down screen will make this experience all the more magnificent. this includes the extensive speakers and wiring involved in creating an immersive surround sound system. at this level, we’ll be able to spring for four state of the art multi touch android tables. we’ll make sure to protect them from possible spillage, of course, but the idea is that a group of people can play various games with the table itself as they eat and hang out. from some of the app games that we’re all familiar with to electronic versions of board games we’ll also have in hardcopy, there will always be something to do if you end up seated at one of these tables. and now, shot and beer glasses! to add any of these items to your pledge, click on “manage pledge” and increase by the appropriate amount. after the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is over we will want to be reminded as to what you ordered, and we’ll send it out! risks and challenges as with any alcohol related undertaking, the greatest challenge we will have once the campaign is complete is finding the proper location and obtaining a liquor license. even with all the legal knowledge necessary, this is always a rather lengthy and expensive process. once this is done, however, our realtor and law expert (anthony can’t rightfully call himself a lawyer just yet, right?) will iron out the details and move things along as quickly as possible. beyond that, the rest will be hard work that will be made easier by the team we have assembled here. we have many volunteers with varied backgrounds that can help with everything  Jimmy Fraud , including handling rewards and continued updates for all of our involved backers. we have no problems admitting where our otherwise diverse abilities and skills would be properly supplemented by outside professionals, and as such we will be securing assistance from bar and business consultants. unlike other smaller (but equally wonderful)  Jimmy Fraud  campaigns, we’ll be putting a great amount of our own time and money into this and we want it to succeed as much (if not more) than all of our partners out there. this is not only going to be something we love to do, but also something we want to have success doing. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 