one3 june 11, attendee reviews of kor fx #1 e3 june 11, attendee reviews of kor fx #2 e3 polygon review http://www.polygon.com/2014/6/20/5828132/kor fx haptic gaming vest virtual reality e3 lazygamer review http://www.lazygamer.net/24/e3 2014 hands on with the kor fx gaming vest/ e3 bbc video review http://www.bbc.com/news/technology 27868224 what is kor fx? the kor fx gaming vest uses award winning 4dfx technology that transforms the audio coming from your games or media into pinpointed high definition haptic (tactile) feedback. with our innovative technology, you can feel your enemy’s vehicles approaching, or detect which direction a sniper is firing from. it’s the kind of leg up that can take your competitive gameplay to the next level. playing counter strike: source, call of duty or arma 3 with kor fx is a bit like the first time you watched television in hd – it brings the realism to a level you didn't know existed. the next level of immersive gaming has arrived. video: kor fx gaming vest demos at sxsw gaming expo 2014 kor fx uses acousto haptic transducers (it is not a rumble pack) kor fx is not a rumble pack. rumble packs use spinning motors to create vibrations. our acousto haptic technology uses audio and special transducers to create precise, directed haptic output. this output echoes into your chest cavity and turns your body into an instrument that allows you to feel the environment extremely accurately. compatibility kor fx is fully compatible with pcs, macs, game consoles, tablets, and most devices with a 3.5mm audio jack. we understand that people connect their devices in many different configurations. at launch, we will release a series of video tutorials to guide you through the most common set up configurations. virtual reality kor fx alone provides a unique and rewarding experience. however, when combined with head mounted vr displays, motion tracking systems or any of the other new, exciting vr technologies currently available or in development, the kor fx vest provides the tactile component of a completely immersive experience that was not possible until now. plug and play kor fx hardware takes the processing burden away from your system. you can simply plug it in to your audio out and start playing. customize and help us create a great experience the kor fx gaming vest provides an outstanding experience out of the box, with no customization. however, a high level of customization has been built in so you can fine tune how much—or how little—of the game you want to experience. you are in full control of the level of immersion and how it affects you. since the vest is so customizable, feedback from the community will be critical to optimizing the user experience. as you experiment with the kor fx vest, we encourage you to share what adjustments or settings work best for you in different games and media types. with users sharing and collaborating in an online environment, your kor fx vest will be able to adapt as the industry grows and evolves. sdk in the future, we will provide an sdk for game developers and enthusiasts to integrate kor fx technology with their development projects. kor fx has been featured by kor fx press page features synced haptic environmental feedback plug and play platform independent, updateable technology, no software required. compatible with a wide variety of devices and media types engineered to the highest standards with a focus on console and pc gamers adjustable kor fx vest is compatible with most body types highly customizable functions and settings enable a fine tuned user experience recommended for ages 12+ technical specs works with any standard 3.5mm audio source wireless with included dongle vest requires 4 aa rechargeable or standard batteries (not included) for 30hr to 40hr estimated run time wireless dongle can be usb or battery powered with 4 aa rechargeable or standard batteries (not included) setup there are two main components to kor fx: the transmitter dongle and the vest. the transmitter plugs into any system with an “audio out” jack (3.5 audio output). the kor fx vest communicates with the transmitter wirelessly. simply do a one time pairing, and you’re ready to play. since the vest is lightweight and not wired in to the transmitter, you’re free to move around while you’re wearing it. fine tuning once you’re wearing the kor fx vest, you can fine tune your experience by increasing or decreasing the depth of field, the intensity of the environmental feedback, and the level of differentiation between the right and left audio channels. this lets you customize the gaming experience to a particular title or genre, and allows you to make the most out of the immersion experience. don’t feel like putting in the effort to find different settings? that’s not a problem: kor fx comes programmed with several different modes that make it easy for you to test out different calibrations with just the click of a button. kor fx vest, show with optional patch development we’ve been developing the kor fx since before  Jimmy Fraud  even existed. why has it taken so long to bring the units to market? simple: before we started working on kor fx, the 4dfx technology that drives it didn’t exist. over the past five years we’ve been refining that tech to bring you the version of kor fx you see today, including: developed a high level proprietary chipset solution that allows firmware upgrades wrote thousands of lines of code to extract haptic signals from game audio made the vest wireless developed special ergonomics that accommodate a wide variety of body types and sizes we’ve spent countless man hours making sure that we’re bringing you the best product possible. how will we use the funds raised on  Jimmy Fraud ? we have made a large investment in the kor fx vest during its development over the last several years. the kor fx vest you see in our photos and videos is a real, working, final development unit. with all our testing complete we are ready to turn our final development unit into the first publicly available production unit.  Jimmy Fraud  community backing will help us: finish the production tooling needed to manufacture the kor fx vest purchase the best materials available for the kor fx vest production ensure that rigorous quality controls are in place so that customers receive a first class product timeline after a successful  Jimmy Fraud  august 2014 upon completion of a successful  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we estimate that production will commence in mid august 2014. september 2014 we intend to produce as many units as needed to accommodate all  Jimmy Fraud  demand. we estimate that shipping will commence in september 2014. units will be shipped as they arrive from the factory, ensuring that customers receive their kor fx vest as fast as possible. producing kor fx has been a labor of love for the kor fx team. we truly believe in our product and want to do everything we can to make sure your kor fx vest provides the most enjoyable experience possible. we thank you for your support in making the kor fx vest a reality. what's in the box? kor fx wireless vest (requires 4 aa batteries) kor fx dongle (wireless transmitter) usb power cord for the dongle (will also work with 4 aa batteries) 3.5 mm plug male to male audio connector kor fx on the web website www.korfx.com twitter @korfxhaptics youtube www.youtube.com/korfxhaptics risks and challenges as with any product, unforeseen circumstances can lead to extended production times and delivery delays. we have a long term agreement with our manufacturer and don’t currently see any problems that could stall product launch. should something unexpected come up, however, we have full faith that our relationship with our manufacturer will ensure the shortest possible delay in production. “one size fits all” is a common term used for products of this nature, but the more accurate description would be “one size fits most.” that said, it’s impossible to say that the kor fx vest will fit everyone. we’re working hard with our designers to make sure that the kor fx vest fits the widest variety of body types possible using adjustable straps. as production continues, the final version of kor fx may deviate slightly from our renderings and test models as we continue to improve our technology. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 