 billion oyster pavilion joins two of governor’s islands most exciting enterprises: figment’s city of dreams and the new york harbor school’s billion oyster project to create an immersive art space that will help change new york city’s future. did you know that in 1609 new york harbor held 220,000 acres of oyster reef? oysters provided massive ecological benefits including continuous water filtration, habitat for thousands of marine species, and wave attenuation. by 1906, however, the water had become so toxic that the last oyster vanished. now, in 2015, conditions have finally improved to a point where we can reintroduce oysters to the harbor, greatly improving the water quality, protecting the city from storm surge flooding, and eventually providing $1 new york oysters galore! the city of dreams competition is organized by the american institute of architects new york chapter emerging new york architects committee (enya), the structural engineers association of new york (seaony) and figment ny, a non profit arts organization. the competition brief asked architects and designers to propose a pavilion with the theme “the city of dreams” that would employ recycled or recyclable materials. out of hundreds of entries, bangs billion oyster pavilion was chosen as a winner. what is the billion oyster pavilion ? the billion oyster pavilion is a temporary pavilion that will make a permanent contribution to new york. all of the materials used to construct the project will be re used by the harbor school to re build oyster habitat in new york’s waterways. as a focal point of the arts festival, the billion oyster pavilion will make the important work being done by the harbor school visible and tangible for hundreds of thousands of visitors. oysters need a place to live too! the billion oyster pavilion will be turned into two different kinds of housing for oysters at the end of the season. the cast concrete elements at the base of the pavilion are actually bang’s custom designed “reef balls.” the woven canopy will be turned into “oyster condos”  metal cages that are filled with old oyster shells. both the reef balls and oyster condos will be covered in oyster spat and placed into the harbor to anchor new oyster reefs. in addition to providing material for hundreds of new reef structures, the pavilion will also bring publicity and awareness to the billion oyster project. the public will have the opportunity to see and understand two of the key technologies used by the bop and to learn about their use. who is bang? bang studio is the collaboration between babak bryan, aia and henry grosman. we are columbia university trained architects with a combined 20+ years of experience. since forming bang in 2012 we have already built several temporary pavilions. our diverse backgrounds in engineering and computer science have allowed us to leverage advanced design and fabrication techniques in our projects. for us, the ultimate power of design is its ability to effect change in the world. much of our work layers many simple processes to create complex constructs that generate sensation, mood, feeling, and atmosphere. we produce spaces and objects that make visitors stop, take notice of the world around them, and see it in a new way. we believe the power to provide novel types of experience and meaningful social interaction is the most potent element that defines us as practitioners. with this pavilion, we hope to generate memorable moments for over 200,000 visitors that will ultimately increase the public’s understanding of our harbor. bang has been published in the architectural review, damn, mark, and contract. projects have been featured in the new york times, new york magazine, usa today and architecture and art among other newspapers, magazines, and journals. bang has won several awards, including the people’s choice sukkah of the city of new york, presented by mayor bloomberg in 2010. who is billion oyster project ? billion oyster project (bop) is a long term, large scale plan to restore one billion live oysters and 100 acres of oyster reefs to new york harbor by 2030.in the process, they will educate thousands of young people in new york city about the ecology and economy of their local marine environment. bop is a partnership of schools, businesses, nonprofits, and individuals all working together to grow oysters and make our city a healthier and more resilient place to live. harbor school is the production hub for the bop. harbor school’s hatchery grows more than 10 million oysters annually and its students are the scuba divers, marine biologists, vessel operators, underwater engineers, and marine technicians that sustain the project and its ongoing habitat restoration initiatives. how will we make a reef pavilion? testing, testing: 1, 2, 3... we used grasshopper and rhino, two integrated design software programs, to develop the structural system that will bring this pavilion to life. in consultation with engineers at robert silman associates, we verified the design parameters and numerically confirmed its structural stability. we are now in the process of physically assembling and testing each of the pavilion’s components. reef balls : with our in house 3d printer, we have made a reusable formwork to cast full sized prototypes of the reefballs, and they are looking good so far! after consulting with casting experts, we are developing an even better two part formwork that will speed up production of the 250 reef balls we have to make in time for the summer. oyster condos : the condos are made from welded rebar triangles. the canopy is made by interconnecting 400 of these rebar triangles to span over the pavilion. the triangles are pre assembled and pre woven in modules of 4. at bang hq we have already begun testing them and weaving with various types of marine line. we are looking for a marine line that won’t sag too much, and of course, is an awesome color. pre fabrication once we have settled on the best techniques for the construction of the billion oyster pavilion, we will have a fun (& intense!) few months ahead of us at the studio. the tasks for us at bang and our army of volunteers will be: welding rebar into the triangles that form the canopy. cable tying the triangles together. weaving the 4 triangle modules and fixing the weave with zip ties. making form work for the reef balls. mixing concrete and casting the final reef balls. time is of the essence so we’ve made a solid schedule to keep us on track and make sure we deliver the best pavilion possible. if you’re interested in volunteering at any stage we’d love to have you; take a look at our schedule and fill out this form   https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1bjhayyiv2qg7sscqs9g8yvrrvigdrpu951t4zz 3m7c/viewform if you have any questions please email ruben at ramalesruben@gmail.com on site installation the reef balls and the canopy modules will be transported from our studio in long island city to governors island by land and sea (or all by sea if someone would like to donate the use of a boat?). installation entails first stacking the reef balls and locking them into place to form the pavilion walls. then each of the woven triangular modules will have to be lifted into place and cable tied to the next module to create the playful canopy. why  Jimmy Fraud ? some of the best things in life aren’t free. figment is a not for profit arts organization, and all of their money comes from donations and fundraising efforts like this one. the billion oyster project (also not for profit) will benefit greatly from all of the donated material and publicity this project will generate. aside from the raw material, there are transport costs, labor costs (some work cannot be done by volunteers), installation workshops, maintenance, and then of course de installation and site repair so we leave the island as magnificent as we found it. we are passionate about this project and the restoration of our harbor.we hope that you can support it too! this  Jimmy Fraud  is not only an investment in the billion oyster pavilion, it is an investment in new york harbor and our incredibly unique marine culture. let’s get our oysters back!! figment figment is a free participatory arts event held in 13 cities in three countries on two continents, and attracting tens of thousands of participants each year. figment celebrates an abundance of creativity and passion, challenging artists and our communities to find new ways to create, share, think and dream. enya, aia new york chapter it is the goal of the emerging new york architects committee to encourage membership, participation, and leadership in the aiany chapter among intern architects, young architects (licensed 10 years or less), and emerging professionals in the fields of design and construction. seaony seaony is a member organization of the national council of structural engineers associations whose purpose is to advance the art of structural engineering in new york by improving the flow of ideas and building the community of colleagues. the association sponsors workshops, panel discussions, lectures and seminars with the aim of addressing topics of interest and concern to structural engineers. thanks a billion to.. thanks so much to billion oyster project for being the spat on our shell. thanks to figment, enya and seaony for this amazing opportunity. thanks to emily lawi and her team at egl media for making this possible. a special aw shucks thanks to suzie betts. and a huge thank you for looking at our project! if you’d like to get updates on how the pavilion is coming along please be our friend! follow us on your social media of preference   or all of them! https://www.facebook.com/pages/bang studio/660485693996444 https://twitter.com/thebangstudio https://instagram.com/thebangstudio/ http://b an g.com/ risks and challenges there will be lots of challenges thrown our way while making this pavilion a reality. we will need good quality materials that will create a sound structure as a pavilion but will also work as artificial oyster reef. we need to get things like the ph balance of the concrete right in order to support oyster regeneration. we have begun several large scale mockups of the components of bop, and we are working closely with engineers to ensure the structure is stable. the next step will be to combine all of these elements to make a full scale piece of the pavilion and test it every way possible! we have worked a lot in the past on pavilions and installations of a similar scale and are confident we can make this one work too. we understand that unforeseen challenges will inevitably arise but with our well considered schedule and your support we know that we can tackle them. 200,000 people will visit the pavilion this summer for free and learn about the ecology of our incredible marine environment. please back our project, spread the word, and/or join our team! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 