d of march 2018. i got a call from a friend of mine who was traveling from brussels (belgium) to ottawa (canada) to visit her dating partner. it felt like an emergency call . she wanted to know what she could do to know the most about her partner during her three week stay . the reason? she had found out a few things and began to have some doubts. prior to calling me she tried to ask her partner a few questions as a way to clarify things up. her partner was defensive and wouldn’t respond. so when she called me i recalled a partner discovery game i suggested in a book i published back in december 2016. it was a 48 fun but targeted questions dating couples could play to discover more about each other. i translated all 48 questions game into french and sent them to her and described to her how to play the game. within 10 days, it was mission accomplished. she called me and said “ richard, this is so awesome; i was able to gather as much information as i wanted . then she continued: " it was so fun that my partner just kept asking whether i had more questions .” i was like, really? i was surprised by the result. from being defensive to asking for more questions, i was like what happened? games and plays are usually associated with excitement, anticipation, joy, pleasure, fun, laughter, teasing, victory and energy. know me more is just that. it’s a fun card game designed to help dating partners or already existing partners in a love relationship know the most about each other in the shortest period of time . the 48 question game has now become 110 question playing cards that help turn difficult relationship questions into a fun probing game. know me more turns defensiveness into openness. it turns resistance into collaboration and makes partners wanting more. it turns “ i don’t want to answer that question ” into “ do you have more questions ?” the 110 card game is divided into 5 categories: (the red 20 questions) the red questions focus on the best each partner has to offer. this first category of questions is meant to be an icebreaker. here are some examples: (the blue 20 questions) the blue questions dive into what can represent each partner’s weaknesses. by stating them, it means they at least know what they are and most likely want to work on them. acknowledging once weaknesses could be perceived as strength too. showing some vulnerability can be sign of maturity. it is important that weaknesses are dealt with whenever necessary and possible to increase chances for a successful marriage. here are some examples: (the gold 20 questions) the golden questions offer each partner the opportunity to share with each other how they intend to make the relationship successful. they focus on the vision of each partner for the relationship. here are some examples: (the black 20 questions) we all have our untold stories and our emotional baggage that could interfere with our relationship. there is nothing more dangerous than not knowing what can cause one’s fall. being aware of them is a huge step forward. that’s exactly what the black questions reveal. here are some examples: (the green 30 questions) the green questions are random and are meant to explore the intimacy and sexual departments or all that spices up intimacy. no shyness will do here. this is a real opportunity to gather very quickly data to make sure intimacy and sexuality needs of each partner are fully met as much as possible. prior to writing my book, i interviewed 80 married individuals all of whom had been married for between 5 and 20 years, asking the following 6 questions: 1. what do you wish you knew before you had gotten married? 2. if you knew what you know now, what would you do differently? 3. what would you like your daughter or son to know about marriage before they tie the knot? 4. what do you think are the qualities that contribute to a successful marriage? 5. why did you get married in the first place? 6. anything you want to say about love or marriage? i wish i could tell you all the responses here. but here is the substance. to the first question, many of the respondents said they wished they had known something about the intricacies of marriage and how to solve issues as they came up. some said, “you can’t know it all.” that’s true, and we all agree. but won't it be a good thing to know enough at least to prevent the sail of love from sinking too soon? other respondents went as far as to say that if they knew what they know now they wouldn’t have gotten married. when asked what they would like their daughter or son to know about marriage before they get married, they all had great pieces of advice for their children. they would like their children not to get into marriage blindly like they themselves did. when asked why they got married, i got unexpected but obvious answers. most did not know why they had gotten married. some just follow traditions or the crowd. some did it because they were in love and other dive without love expecting love will come along. on the internet you come across 99, 100,200 even 300 questions experts say couples should ask before they get married. the truth is that the majority of us don’t sit down and process these questions in a thorough manner. over the last two months, i have been running an unofficial survey where i ask two main questions: do you think we ask important and right relationships questions before we get married? the answers are a resounding “no” then i ask: "why?" it boils down to 4 major factors: 1. fear we fear rejection we fear losing another relationship we fear the answers we don’t want to hear we fear the questions will lead to a fight or dispute 2. discomfort we feel uneasy asking and answering certain types of questions we feel uneasy talking about certain topics 3. unawareness sometimes we are not even aware of the need to ask these important questions. in the name of love we dive in blindly. 4. the ostrich effect i have some responding saying they wouldn’t even want to know anything about love before they got married”. for some, knowing what they need to know would have prevented them from getting married. it sounds like people just want to get married and allow themselves to discard the red flags that sooner or later will haunt them back and bite them. ignorance is bliss, they say, but really? it is only later into the relationship we all become guilty of what we wished we had known. for the last two months since i started designing this game, every single day i will find someone offline or online and ask a few questions and then drop the know me more concept. curiously, i have been seeing more of one single reaction: we all know the truth. marriage has its beauties and struggles. the more informed and prepared we are the higher our chances to fare better. thus, the know me more game is designed to make it easier for dating partners to know the most about each other before they tie the knot when they choose to. some people will say “you can never know it all.” i agree. but not being able to know it all will not necessarily justify not knowing anything at all. others will say “things always change.” that’s true. and that’s the beauty of knowledge. when put to good use, knowledge helps us adapt to new situations. that's what know me more does so well. it helps partners know each other better through fun and provoking questions that help drop their guards so they can have conversations that matter for their relationship. know me more gets rid of the fear of asking important questions and the resistance to answer critical questions. where know me more triumphs the most is that it makes it so fun and before we know it, we've known each other better and deeper... you pick a question, you kindly, honestly and amusingly answer it. you don’t feel like you are in a court anymore. know me more helps get to the core of important relationship decision matters with more ease, a lot of laughter, a great dose of teasing. there will be tensions but good ones. the end result is rewarding and worthwhile. prerequisites: honesty everybody agrees that saying the truth once is better than having to say a lie a thousand times (shall we smile here). it is also true that a skipped truth always returns to haunt and bite us. thus, honesty is key. open mindedness it’s time to let go of preconditioning and be open to explore, laugh and discover. there will be moments of tension and suspense. but nothing beats the emotions such feelings create during a game. at the end of it all, the final discovery makes the experience worthwhile. no cheating (smiles) prior to the game, no player is supposed to look at the questions. this helps make the answers genuine. in general, while the questions matter, the manner in which the answers are provided are very important. so put on your investigative hat, listen intently and read between the lines to get the most out of the game. option i two players partners are sitting face to face across a table one category after the other, cards are spread out or lined up on the table the first player flips a card and reads the question and answers it. then the second player does the same. all 4 main categories are played the same way after the four main categories, then it’s time to play the random cards. the random cards are played in the same way but allow expanding on original questions if clarification is needed. note: start game in the following order: the red qz the gold qz the blue qz  the black qz the green qz option ii two players partners are sitting face to face across a table one category after the other, cards are spread out or lined up on the table partners take turn just picking cards until all cards are gone now that each partner has a number of cards piled up the game can begin the first player turns up the first card on top of his or her pile reads the question and the other player answers then the second player does the same. all 4 main categories are played the same way. after the four main categories then it’s time to play the random cards. the random cards are played in the same way but allow expanding on original questions if clarification is needed. option iii  multiple players we are curious human beings. we like to know what other people are thinking, saying or doing. just imagine three couples sitting around a table, mixing up the cards and each player picking a card in turn. we know how funny relationship topics make us all explode in laughter. so go for it if you are inclined. this can also be played by a group of friends who are not necessarily couples as a way pick other people’s brain on relationship matters. here is the good news. you don't have to play all the cards in one sitting. you can choose to play one or two categories and tackle the other categories out over a few days or weeks. the sooner the better. it is also a great idea to play the game a few times. you will not pick the same questions every time you play. but even if you do, it helps to see how consistent your answers are. it is also a good idea to choose to play the game at once in a while as a way to see whether answers previously provided remain the same or have change. a change in answer could be a hint you can use to your advantage. this estimate is based on the production of 1000 cards and tuckboxes by printninja in order to reduce the per unit cost of the card production. the major costs involved are the following: production and shipping cost for 1000 cards and boxes: $3,856 cost for sending rewards to 1000 backers: $3,860 us fulfillment cost: $2,634 international fulfilment cost: $1, 696 marketing and promotion: $500 total us  Jimmy Fraud  fees 5% plus additional 3 5% credit card processing fee. we arrived at the estimate using the  Jimmy Fraud  funding goal calculator. any profit generated from this campaign will be put back into the “know me more” project with other accessories to enhance the game. we intend to add the following know me more themed products: • humorous coffee table books for lovers • t shirts • shorts • hats • stress balls and more. risks and challenges design • the card designs are completed • we are diligently working to select the best 110 questions out of the initial 160 questions. we are fine tuning them injecting humor and tension whenever necessary • we are also doing quality control and visual enhancement production we are partnering with our trusted printninja for the card production. the experience printninja brings to card game production is unmatched. with such a highly praised printer, the production process is secured. shipping and delivery printninja offers a 6 8 week window for production and delivery. with the design stage complete, production will start as soon as the campaign ends. thus we expect to begin shipping and delivery by early october. funding this is where our backers come in. without you nothing is possible. we count on you to back us for the fun and relationship building card game. with funds under our belt, our commitment will be unfailing. updates every week we plan to bring you updates regarding the different phases of the production. no big achievement is a one man/woman project. in collaboration there is a matchless power. we want you to know, we do count on you and your entire social network to put in the hand of the many a game that changes the game of love. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 