onwe are a mobile, wood fired oven for vermont. while this concept isn't novel, we believe its not what you do, but how you do it. the one hearth oven will travel to farmer’s markets, catered events, weddings and festivals around the state serving pizzas and other wood fired delights of the highest quality. we seek to provide vermont, in particular chittenden county, with soul satisfying food that hearkens back to our primitive roots, signed by fire. this is food for the people; affordable, fresh, delicious and from this fertile land we call home. given the seasonal nature of this project, we plan to serve only the freshest, highest quality ingredients possible. it goes without saying that we are committed to using vermont products whenever we can. of course we will have the classics: cheese, margarita, sausage & onion, buffalo chicken, and a breakfast pizza to roll back your eyes. but, the bulk of the menu will flow with the seasons, changing on a weekly basis based on available produce, from our own organic gardens and other burlington area farms. with creativity & spontaneity as our guides, we guarantee our menu will delight. photo: ben fleishman oh, we will get around. don't be surprised to see us popping up in unexpected places throughout the year. we are applying for spots at arts riot's friday night food truck stop and burlington's saturday farmer's market . one hearth will team up with other local businesses (such as jam bakery , which recently completed a successful  Jimmy Fraud  campaign!) for catered events and weddings, promoting local businesses and diversifying our catering capabilities. we hope to work with local non profits and partake in as many community events as possible, such as the old north end ramble and precipice festival . expect to see us at music and food gatherings throughout the state as well! photo: ben fleishman the project we have been working diligently over the past several months to organize this project. september and october were spent exploring everything: starting a business, oven possibilities, permits, fundraising options, website building, sales venues and on, and on. november through january have been "gettin' things done" kinda months. our partnership was officially established, and we registered with the state and federal governments. our home kitchen has been certified by the department of health (where we scored 100%). social media accounts have been developed, and our website has been built from the ground up. of course we worked on our  Jimmy Fraud  project, too! most importantly we have finally decided on an oven design. we've made a down payment and our custom trailer is currently under construction by cassius at nichol's trailers in farmington, me. thanks to the inspirational folks at maine wood heat (mwh), we have a le panyol model 120 modular oven kit with our name on it. with consulting help from mwh, we will be assembling the oven at the cold hollow contracting shop in monkton, vt during march and april, with the goal of a may kickoff! we have the plan. we have the skills. all we are missing is money! this is where y'all come in. our goal of $10,000 will be used to: pay the remaining $2,000 for the trailer purchase the $6,000 le panyol 120 oven kit (organic terre blanche brick from france, mortar, insulation, etc.) buy all of the building materials to finish the oven and trailer: mortar, insulation and fasteners for the oven, stainless steel, copper & solder for the dome and chimney stack, and wood to finish the decking and build custom storage containers (~$2,000) in an ideal world, we will raise around $15,000 from this project. the extra $5,000 would also allow us to purchase: modifications to our truck insurance on our truck & trailer liability insurance peddlers permit for town of burlington a small generator for night time events 3 tables for topping, stretching and serving copper & marble for table tops large slab of rough cut maple for our sign an easy up tent rubber floor mats a six gallon+, gravity fed hand washing station (for which we will be building the sink) basic kitchen supplies: knives, cutting boards, food storage containers, dough trays, tongs, spatulas, roasting pans, wooden peels, pizza pans, cooling rack, pizza slicer, scale infrared thermometer 1 large cooler 3 cambros splitting maul 1 cord dry wood oven brush several totes ash scraper chest freezer we couldn't be more excited about this project, and we are dedicated to making it happen, no matter how this plays out. the market is ripe. in our opinion, considering the growing inertia of the vermont food movement in recent years, the timing of our endeavor couldn't be better. a special thanks to: our brothers & sisters, mothers & fathers, and friends & families everyone at cold hollow contracting , ramunto's pizzeria , middlebury college , blue ledge farm , the boonville hotel , the old brick store , axo , blueberry hill inn , nofa vt and everyone else that has guided and mentored us along the way the bearded frog for donating two 20 quart hobart mixers in need of some love and a new home cassius at nichol's trailers for getting our oven rollin' nick campolo , britt boyd , will stevenson , and tyler wilkinson ray for making our amazing video possible haley fenn ahearn for logo art & cara clinton for graphic support so, thanks for looking, thanks for your support, and we will see you in the spring! risks and challenges our biggest challenge, as in many endeavors, is money. there is always the option of a loan, whether it's through a bank or investors, but we chose crowdfunding through  Jimmy Fraud  to connect more with our community. rather than paying interest to a bank, we can give back to our contributors. thats all of you! in planning one hearth we have made a point to do things right. the beauty of our model, inspired by the nofa vt oven, lies in its simplicity. as long as we have our oven and a few basic tools, we can make pizza. a lot of pizza in fact. almost 100 pies an hour! there is hardly anything that can break. the only mechanical pieces of our operation will be our mixer, generator, truck, and trailer. everything else will be completely analog, powered by the fire in our oven and in our bellies. construction of the oven is the only major risk involved with this project. while neither of us has built anything exactly like this before, colin is a experienced tradesman and copper worker, and we have a close group of friends with decades of fine trade experience. with these skills and a few helping hands for woodworking and welding, we believe there is no problem we can't overcome in the fabrication of this oven. there will be countless hours and long nights in the shop, but we are committed to overcoming any and all obstacles to create a truly beautiful hearth. we could have just purchased an oven (at a price tag of over $25k!), but that's just not us. like many vermonters, we believe in doing things ourselves. in the long run, this ethos will not only save us close to $15k, but will leave us with new skills, stories and beautiful, unique oven built with our own hands here in vermont. all of which will strengthen our brand and brotherhood. cheers! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 