made/descriptionsmall form factor cases usually require significant compromises in compatibility, quality, and aesthetics, in order to achieve a compact profile. from restrictive component support and flimsy materials, to ugly exteriors covered with awkward vents, the industry has lacked an enclosure that strikes an ideal balance across power, efficiency and design. for this reason, we’ve designed cerberus, an 18l microatx enclosure that delivers the best of both worlds to the most demanding enthusiasts: incredibly flexible component choice, in a desktop you’ll actually want to put on your desk. by combining minimalist design, top tier hardware support, innovative features, and premium materials and finish, we believe that cerberus represents one of the most modern and forward looking incarnations of a desktop case available today. and we hope that you agree! ‌‌     ‌‌ our story: before cerberus was a case, it was an idea 3d models evolving into the very first prototype of cerberus, nova 00, which was made in december 2014. collaboratively conceived originating in a thread on hardforum , cerberus was at first a build log and project created by frustrated enthusiast james schell, who found existing cases on the market to be bulky and poorly designed. cerberus’s humble beginnings included little more than sketches and mockups, but the enclosure would eventually transform into a collaboration between designer and audience, as more and more people began following and contributing to the project. in late 2014, joshua ramirez joined the effort , and eventually, the collection of comments and feedback from an engaged enthusiast community would yield cerberus’s final design: a matx enclosure that was portable, yet remarkably flexible; beautiful, yet completely functional. ‌‌ ‌‌ methodically tested of course, the design of cerberus wasn’t simply left up to conjecture. throughout its creation, cerberus embraced robust and repeated testing, with a lineage of prototypes — from crudely constructed cardboard mockups, to the very first prototype off the manufacturing line — undergoing thorough inspections at every stage of the design process. in addition, specialty equipment and software, coupled with meticulous testing and rigorous analysis, yielded significant data sets and insights, which enabled precise tuning of cerberus’s thermal and other characteristics. all while the results of repeated thermal and performance testing were shared with the public in real time , encouraging dialogue that directly inspired features and design improvements. product design at such a level of transparency is simply unheard of in industry. but with cerberus, it was the default. ‌‌     ‌‌ to create cerberus, we started with a clean, modern design cerberus is beautifully crafted, not made tired of flimsy meshes, cheap plastics, and awkwardly placed vents, the appearance of cerberus was a primary concern for us, rather than an afterthought. thus, instead of relying on gratuitous lighting or plastic accents, we aimed to achieve the sort of refined and minimalist aesthetic that would be welcome on almost anyone’s desk, for years to come. to do this, we went back to basics, and kept the construction of cerberus beautifully simple. uniform steel panels devoid of seams or screws grace the exterior. geometric vents and slats add visual contrast and enable ample airflow. a premium, industrial grade powder coat finish provides vivid color and a fine matte texture, that’s fingerprint and dust resistant. even the case feet are robust, having been carved from solid aluminum billets, and coated with hardened alodine. click here to see our gallery for cerberus > ‌‌ ‌‌ remarkably compact through deliberate consideration and design, cerberus’s size has remained strikingly small, at a scant 18.2l. from the front, the enclosure's narrow width and small footprint look impressive without looking overwhelming. and from the side, the low depth of the case belies the powerful hardware that can be contained within: in fact, even as it supports the much larger matx standard of motherboards (compared to mitx), cerberus is actually smaller than some of the most popular m itx solutions on the market — from fractal design’s node 304, to bitfenix’s prodigy, and nzxt’s manta: and, when compared to other matx units, the space efficiency of cerberus is simply unparalleled, besting most other enclosures by 10l or more: simply put, never before has an enclosure so small been able to do so much — and look so good while doing it. ‌‌ ‌‌ customizable by design while most cases are only offered in black, and offer little in the way of customization, cerberus embraces individuality. with a family of vibrant color options for the case panels — obsidian black, pearl white, and (as stretch goals) carmine red and azurite blue — you can easily coordinate the style of cerberus with the rest of your components. and, with extra upgrade options like a solid metal handle, or a side window, you can adapt the exterior design and functionality of cerberus to your exact preferences. ‌‌     ‌‌ more features than meet the eye full matx support most sff cases only work with mitx boards, severely limiting what components you can use. cerberus, comparatively, supports the matx standard, which allows for more memory, multiple pci devices, dual graphics, and a far greater selection of processors and i/o options. of course, larger motherboards aren’t useful when enthusiast grade components can’t fit, so we’ve provisioned an impressive amount of clearance for cpu coolers (up to 148mm of height) and graphics cards (up to 329mm of length, and 150mm of height) alike. that’s enough clearance for heatsinks as large as noctua's nh c14s, as well as for massive dual gpu flagship cards like amd’s r9 295x2. there’s even an extra expansion slot, allowing for spaced dual gpu builds, or for bottom mounted fans and drives. ‌‌ ‌‌ integrated hinged side bracket to make the most of every liter of volume, we’ve designed a clever side bracket for cerberus that lets you mount a variety of hardware above the motherboard. it’s perfect for thick 120mm or 140mm radiators, as well as fans or 2.5" and 3.5" storage. if you’d rather not have the bracket installed, it’s easily removed by removing a few screws. but even when in place, the low profile integrated hinge swings away easily, making it dead simple to access the internals of packed rigs. ‌‌ ‌‌ panel clips & pins most enclosures rely on hooks or screws to secure panels, but these can look ugly, and quickly become cumbersome. clip and pin systems, comparatively, provide convenient toolless removal, but they traditionally use plastic clips that can wear and even break over time. for cerberus, we wanted the best of both worlds: the convenience of a clip and pin system, with a level of durability provided by the other metal hardware used throughout the enclosure. so, we’ve sourced industrial grade clips and pins, made entirely of steel, that allow us to create panels that are as convenient to remove, as they are reliable in the long run. ‌‌ ‌‌ flexible mounts maximizing the capabilities of cerberus forced us to rethink how fans, drives and other hardware could be installed by enthusiasts in such a small enclosure. following extensive development, however, we’ve invented a clever feature called ‘infinite vents’, which utilize a low restriction grille pattern that doubles as a mounting system for hardware. traditional enclosure vents only support fans, and provide fixed mount points for hardware, but with cerberus, the entire vent surface acts as a plane in which hardware can be installed and almost infinitely adjusted. furthermore, the components supported by this are numerous: 92mm, 120mm and 140mm fans; bracketed 2.5” and 3.5” drives; and even 120mm and 240mm radiators. thus, when coupled with the two 2.5” drive mounts provided on the motherboard tray, cerberus’s simply astounding flexibility belies its diminutive size, and provides enthusiasts with a level of customization and control that enclosures twice as large struggle to match. ‌‌ ‌‌ sfx/sfx l and atx psu support sfx psu's: cerberus's frame is designed first and foremost to support sfx power supplies, which are substantially smaller than their antiquated atx counterparts. with their compact profile and shorter cabling, they’re an ideal choice for small enclosures, especially since they make cable runs neater. and, since cerberus places the power supply at the front of the enclosure (re routing power via an included internal cable), the psu gets out of the way, and keeps the rest of your components looking their best, without the distraction of a big black box. the sfx l psu installed here can power two gtx 980s and an intel 5820k with ease, without overwhelming the small enclosure and distracting from other components. once a huge sacrifice to power, sfx units today are capable of delivering over 600w of power — and platinum rated sfx l 700w units are already on the horizon — making practically any build you can imagine possible, including most dual gpu configurations. they’re the future of power supplies, and, in cerberus, they’re the best choice for the great majority of enthusiasts. atx psu's: of course, some builds will simply require the lower noise and higher power delivery that older atx power supplies can provide. so for those systems, we’ve developed an atx psu version of cerberus, which utilizes a internal frame designed specifically for mounting full sized power supplies at the rear of the case (instead of sfx psu's in the front). the atx psu edition of cerberus supports power supplies of practically any length, and opens the entire front of the case up for additional hardware. above, a radiator cools the cpu, while a fan blows directly over the graphics. although this restricts cpu cooler height clearance to 48mm, it also opens up the entire front of cerberus for mounting additional hardware — including radiators up to 240mm in size — making aios an appealing option. thus, for enthusiasts that simply must have the absolute best in acoustics or power delivery, the atx psu version of cerberus provides the exact same sized enclosure, with even more possibilities. ‌‌ ‌‌ optional upgrades even with cerberus’s small size, we wanted to make transporting the enclosure as easy as possible. so we’ve designed an add on handle upgrade, that we’ve had custom designed just for that purpose. milled from a solid block of aluminum, and then chamfered and powder coated to provide the best possible grip and comfort, it’s an impressively sturdy handle that can carry the heaviest of builds with ease. to accomplish this, it comes with a simple internal bracket (that it screws into), allowing the handle to be easily removed, while preserving the appearance of the top vents when the handle isn't installed. we’ve also developed a side panel upgrade, that puts a simple window on the bottom half of the case, right over the pci slots. perfect for displaying graphics cards, or presenting a meticulously assembled build, it’s a simple yet beautiful way to have your rig look its best. ‌‌     ‌‌ quality craftsmanship, built to last you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 a great design is nothing without a great manufacturer. to truly realize all that cerberus could be, we knew we couldn’t have just anyone create it. any design relying on cheap materials, and manufacturing focused on scale, would be too compromised to accomplish anything meaningful in a crowded market. so, we’ve spent considerable time and effort developing the production chain that can build our enclosures with the same care we’ve taken in conceiving of them. the result of this work is a unique partnership with sliger designs , a manufacturer based in sparks, nevada, usa. by relying on a qualified and reputable domestic manufacturer, we’re able to maintain strict quality controls, and ensure that seasoned engineers assemble the best enclosures that can be made. all while supporting local workers, businesses, and communities. click here to learn more about our partnership with sliger > ‌‌ ‌‌ quality materials complete the case all steel enclosure: the steel used throughout cerberus provides exceptional durability, and the thickness of the metal was specifically chosen to properly balance case weight and material strength. far more practical than aluminum enclosures, cerberus is meant to be easily carried, yet durable enough to survive all but the roughest of journeys unscathed. robust finishes: not a single surface of cerberus is left bare. instead, every millimeter of the enclosure receives an industrial grade powder coating, that’s electrostatically applied and cured in an oven. this yields a luxe matte finish that’s refined, vivid, and resistant to fingerprints and dust — all while being far more durable, and more eco friendly, than anodization. reliable hardware: every fastener inside cerberus uses solid steel pressed in nuts, ensuring that secured screws don’t budge, and that all fastener threads last for the long haul — even with frequent part swaps. the clips and pins used to secure the panels are also made completely of steel, alleviating any worries that they’ll break or falter after years of repeated use. metal components: even the little things are made of metal. cerberus’s power button is a standard 16mm anti vandal switch. the optional case carry handle is milled from a solid billet of aluminum, and chamfered for a comfortable grip. and the the case feet are cut from aluminum bars on a lathe, before receiving a durable alodine coating. ‌‌     ‌‌ the campaign: help us bring cerberus from the shadows, and to the earth! cerberus was designed by enthusiasts, for enthusiasts, and is meant to provide a focused set of features that simply isn't replicated with other cases. as a high end enclosure meant to be best in class, it isn’t for everyone, but for those enthusiasts who simply want the best — the best build quality, portability and component support — we believe that cerberus enables those users to make their builds the best possible manifestations of themselves. in fact, for many, cerberus provides a platform in which many sorts of builds can be made, that might not otherwise be possible: a highly customizable, easily carried lan rig? check. dual flagship gpus in a one handable, portable vr build? absolutely. an ultra compact workstation with gobs of pci devices and storage? no problem. a truly sff enclosure that supports the flexible and diverse microatx standard? you bet. most of all, though, as an enclosure designed by and for the enthusiast community, our hope is that the philosophy embodied by cerberus can inspire others in industry to consider where computing is headed, and truly rethink how cases are designed and made. indeed, a pledge for our crowdfunding campaign doesn't just support the production run for cerberus — it enables us to continue our work of developing thoughtful and purposeful products, for those who care about technology the most. from thermal performance and component compatibility, to the very appearance of our builds, the enclosures we use shape how we see our computers, and how they fit into our lives. we’re proud and excited to begin using cerberus ourselves, and, with your support, we look forward to sharing cerberus with the very enthusiast community that helped us create it! ‌‌     ‌‌ our tiers: for the crowdfunding campaign, we have a variety of tiers available that provide backers with cerberus as a reward. however, for those who are interested in supporting our community empowered work, but aren't interested in receiving an enclosure, we've partnered with local artist carissa reynolds , and commissioned a beautiful original watercolor that we'll be emblazoning on a limited run of products. for as little as $5 (plus shipping), you can support our work, while receiving a high quality us made item depicting reynolds' stunning illustration above. you can even pledge to a tier whereby you can commission a piece of custom cerberus artwork by carissa, just for you! all of these options include the following: a pair of stickers , for just $5. a vivid poster , for $20. a comfy t shirt , for $30. a cerberus art pack containing all of the above, for $50. a signature cerberus art pack , that contains all of the above and is signed, for $100. a cerberus art commission —which enables backers to receive a 6" x 6" watercolor rendering of a cerberus, made by carissa reynolds and customized to reflect your preferred breed, pose, action, and expression — for just $175. finally, you can even pledge to receive the watercolor itself , which we'll custom frame and have signed by carissa, for $499. ‌‌ for backers that want an enclosure, we have a few tiers available, all of which let you choose between white or black panels, and sfx or atx psu compatible internal frames. starting at $249 (plus shipping): the base cerberus , available for a pledge of $249. cerberus plus ‌‌— an enclosure with your choice of a carrying handle upgrade, or an integrated side window upgrade — for $279. cerberus pro — an enclosure with both a carrying handle and a side window upgrade — for $299. cerberus signature edition — a pro version of cerberus complete with a signature cerberus art pack — for $399. and finally, cerberus limited edition: a signature edition cerberus, with the ultimate in customizability: the ability to paint the exterior any color you'd like (that's available to our manufacturer) — for $999. ‌‌     ‌‌ our stretch goals cerberus is available in white or black as a default, but we've been able to work with our manufacturer to provide additional colors as stretch goals, if we reach higher quantities of cases sold. if we reach $225,000, we can offer cerberus in a handsome carmine red: and if we reach $300,000, we can also offer cerberus in a deep azurite blue, similar to our very first prototype: reaching those stretch goals won't be easy, but if we do, all backers will be able to enjoy an even greater level of customization, and pick their favorite color following the conclusion of the crowdfunding campaign. ‌‌     ‌‌ finally, our thanks to everyone who made cerberus possible cerberus is a passion product fueled by the enthusiast community we call home, but it’s just one of many ideas and designs we’ve worked on in the past year and a half. even so, to get cerberus to this point required that we stand on the shoulders of giants, and utilize a trove of community feedback throughout the development process. as such, we'd like to recognize those who got us here: the hardforum , ltt , and sff forum communities, which have contributed an unfathomable amount of commentary, criticism and praise over the past year. the ncase team , and many other creators, for inspiring us and trailblazing the way community designed products like cerberus can be made. protocase and sliger designs , for working with us endlessly to develop prototypes and the final design. rick trilling, for his superb pro bono legal counsel. paul lazarovich, for his assistance with editing our website copy, as well as for all of his advice on promoting and sharing our work. jeffery weber , for creating many of the digital assets used on our website. carissa reynolds , for offering to do a commissioned work in support of kimera industries. alexandra zanca , for filming & editing our  Jimmy Fraud  video. anyone and everyone that has assisted or contributed to us, in ways big or small — whatever contribution you've made, know that we wouldn't have gotten here without it! it's through all of our hard work, and the assistance of everyone above, that this project will be successful. thank you! ‌‌     ‌‌ cerberus: complete specifications dimensions & materials h x w x d: 303 x 170 x 354mm, 18.2l h x w x d (overall): 320 x 170 x 364mm chassis weight: 5.30kg cerberus's internal frame is made from 20 gauge (.91mm) steel, cut and formed cerberus's exterior panels are made of 18 gauge (1.21mm) steel, cut the case feet and optional case handle are machined from solid billets of 6061 grade aluminum alloy the internal frame, panels, brackets, and handle are powder coated the case feet are given a black alodine coating exterior panels are available in obsidian and pearl. if stretch goals are met, panels will also be available in carmine and azurite (in order) motherboard support microatx (l x w: 244 x 244mm) mini dtx (l x w: 170 x 203mm) mini itx (l x w: 170 x 170mm) power supply support sfx (h x w x d: 63.5 x 125 x 100mm) sfx l (h x w x d: 63.5 x 125 x 130mm) atx (atx frame only, any length) storage support the included 3.5'' drive bracket supports either one or two 3.5" hard drives, and can be installed anywhere with infinite vents. if installed on the bottom, a single 3.5" drive interferes with use of the 5th pci slot, and two drives interfere with use of the 3rd through 5th pci slots the included 2.5" drive bracket supports either one or two 2.5" drives, and can be installed anywhere with infinite vents. if installed on the bottom, any quantity of drives will interfere with use of the 5th pci slot 2.5" drives can be installed on each of the two mount points on the motherboard tray pci support total number of expansion slots: 5 maximum pci device length for all slots: 329mm maximum pci device height for all slots: 130mm at the power plugs; 150mm overall cooling support 92, 120 and 140mm fans can be installed anywhere with infinite vents. using the 5th pci slot limits bottom fans to 15mm thick a 92mm fan can be installed on the rear vent of the case the bottom and front support two fans, or a fan and mounted storage, in a variety of arrangements the side bracket supports one 120 or 140mm fan; the 3.5" drive bracket; or a 120 or 140mm radiator and fan a combination of fans and radiators (120, 140 or 240mm in length) can be mounted to the bottom or front, depending on the configuration of other hardware cpu heatsinks can have a maximum height of 142mm with the side bracket installed, and 148mm without on the atx psu model, the cpu heatsink height is limited to 48mm top i/o two usb 3.0 ports line in/out hd audio 16mm anti vandal power switch what's in the box cerberus 3.5" bracket and screws for two drives 2.5" bracket and screws for two drives screws and necessary hardware to install components internal extension cable for front mounted psus (sfx model) available options & accessories frame with atx psu mount carry handle windowed side panel ‌‌     ‌‌ cerberus component recommendations graphics in general, graphics cards with reference or blower style coolers are recommended, as they exhaust most of their heat outside of the enclosure. if you use a card with a non reference or open cooler, however, we recommend installing fans on the front and/or bottom of the case — such coolers dump tremendous quantities of heat inside the case, so fan layouts should be optimized to remove this warmer air quickly. graphics cards of almost any length will fit, but if you're planning to front mount any hardware, make sure there's enough clearance for both components. graphics cards of most widths will fit, but some non reference cards are very wide, and have pcbs or heatsinks that extend far past their pci bracket. consequently, we recommended that you double check your card(s) to ensure proper clearance, both at the power ports, and across the whole gpu. processors any processors that are supported by matx motherboards will work comfortably inside of cerberus. the side bracket can be removed for extra heatsink clearance, but unless the extra room is needed, it's recommended to leave it installed, as it helps to stiffen the internal frame. 2.5" & 3.5" storage devices since two 2.5" drives can be installed on the motherboard tray without risk of interfering with other components, we recommend installing drives there first for most builds. cerberus supports up to four 2.5" drives and two 3.5" drives out of the box. if you need more storage, however, you can easily order extra brackets. power supplies for sfx and sfx l power supplies, we reccomend units that are gold rated, and that have modular cables. if noise is a primary concern, sfx l power supplies tend to be the better choice, as they use larger (120mm) fans. for atx power supplies, the psu can be mounted to draw air from the outside (through the side panel), or from the inside (above the motherboard). you may want to try both orientations to see which performs best, but we generally recommend orienting the intake fan outward. liquid cooling cerberus supports nearly all 120mm and 140mm aio coolers, when used on the side bracket. some may be too thick to use in a push pull configuration, however, so be sure to calculate the cumulative height of your radiator, fan(s) and block. cerberus also supports a multitude of 240mm aios, alongside 120 and 140mm ones, on both the bottom and front of the case. however, they generally take the place of other hardware, a few pci slots, or longer graphics cards. additionally, 240mm aios will only fit in the front of the enclosure when an atx power supply is used (in lieu of a front mounted sfx unit). expandable aios, pumps, reservoirs, and even multiple radiators can be used, but water loops of significant complexity will require some planning in order to ensure fitment. in general, we highly recommend using integrated pumps and reservoirs wherever possible, since they have a negligible impact on performance, yet save considerable space. overclocking graphics: on air, we strongly recommend that you install intake or exhaust fans directly in front of, or below, your card(s). on water, we recommend at least 120mm of radiator length for every gpu, and suggest having more. and with either configuration, we recommend that you ensure that your power supply will have enough wattage to supply power during full load. processors: if you're planning to overclock on air, we suggest that you use larger top down coolers, pulling in air from the vent on the side panel (for heatsinks that are too short to intake air directly from the side, we've found that temperatures improve when a fan is mounted to the side bracket). on water, aio's of any size (120mm and above) should work well, but larger radiators and fans have the benefit of better performance and lower noise. air filters cerberus does not include air filters because of the flexible nature of the infinite vent system — as fans of various sizes can be installed, it is impractical to include many filters for all such options. if dust is a concern, however, most filters on the market will do a decent job of keeping particles out of the case (with some brands, such as demciflex, performing optimally). no matter the filters you use, however, we highly suggest orienting your case fans in a way that builds positive case pressure. this ensures that any vents without active cooling will see filtered air exit the case, rather than unfiltered air enter uninhibited. ‌‌ ‌‌ risks and challenges our current (and intentionally conservative) estimate for delivery spans from now until july, with crowdfunding taking four weeks, funds disbursement taking two, manufacturing taking six, and fulfillment taking around two (depending where you live)   plus a few more weeks to account for any delays. this schedule accommodates the time needed for  Jimmy Fraud  to disburse finds, and additionally matches the projected production time our manufacturer has indicated they will need to create a volume of enclosures that matches our funding goal. no manufacturing project can guarantee that there won’t be issues in production, but we’ve done a lot to try and ensure that we stick to our schedule as closely as possible. we've manufactured several prototypes, including two from sliger designs. we've established a robust agreement with sliger, and worked through contingency plans in order to mitigate risk. we've also thoroughly documented our work on our blog and various forum threads, in order to provide as much transparency into our production chain as possible. given all of this, we feel confident in our ability to deliver on time if we hit our goal, and we can quickly revise time estimates if and when we go significantly beyond it. either way, however, we will be proactive in communicating progress and impediments with our backers. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 