-g/descriptionthis is the actual game! no digital renders here :d    table not included. war for indagar is a fast paced, 4x strategy game that includes four distinct factions for 2 4 players, along with an engaging ai. players select powerful heroes to represent their armies, choose unique strategies to tailor their gameplay, and use spells and abilities to gain control over the battlefield and — ultimately — the spirit well at its center. campaign ending special if we get 15 more box level backers before the campaign ends, we'll be adding our werebear as a  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive to all boxes. let's go out on a high note! 32mm true scale, single piece, beautiful! we want early, easy to reach stretch goals which will improve the game experience (and add awesome free goodies!) right away! unlocked! free mini! yeah! ** see the note below on language support! ** sneak peek of our first monster (he's 74mm tall to the top of the crest!!!) the spirit walker here's a shot of our second monster miniature, tijian the devourer tijian the devourer wfi is begging to expand because you can pick your faction, your faction's strategy card and its heroes to change your lineup and dramatically alter your play. if (nay, when!) we burn through all of these stretch goals, we have many more in the pipe. 1 down 2 to go! 1 down 2 to go! *** unlocked stretch goals will be added to all  Jimmy Fraud  backers boxes for free! we want to thank you for your support, and reward you for taking the risk with backing our game, and hopefully give you lots of awesome loot! following the campaign, when the game is made available for retail sale, unlocked expansion goals will become paid addons. *** we've been asked about language support, and we are responding quickly! we've identified some super star community contacts so that we can offer a french, german, and spanish translations! deutsch español français what this means is we will:   print the rulebook in all available languages in each box.   we will also have all the above translations for all game material freely available for download on our website. for hero cards and strategy boards, we will also be able to offer language support printing options as follows:   if there is enough interest in a given language for a full production run, no additional cost to you and we will give a language option during fulfillment for you to choose.   if not enough interest in a given language, we will create a language print add on and heavily subsidize the cost. you are probably expecting about $10, $15 max, for ad hoc print runs. we hope this helps out our international backers, and we will continue to modify our standing to be more favorable for you regarding language support as the campaign grows and funding becomes available for us to do so. opening night 2 player demo 4 player demo chip demo'ing our solo play mode: one of our gaming heroes, mike sibilia, giving the game a shot! (we heard he loved it!) big thanks to dream wizards in rockville, md for hosting us, and to mike & charlie for playing playtesting at a meet up in crystal city    first time we've ever played a 4x game standing up! one of our earliest play group events, at the silver spring library four players, just about to kick off    zack discusses monster strategy with lilas smile for the camera! still very early days, but the game is coming together! where it all began! one of our earliest prototype playtests, still using some proxy minis. neil is very deep in thought! happy gorilla game studio is lead by neil gilstrap and chip boyd, with artistic support from simon valev and lee stansbury. chip and neil have been heavily involved with tabletop wargaming and strategy gaming for as long as either of them can remember. together, they formed happy gorilla to bring their passion for gaming together with a love for solving problems and designing elegant, creative products. war for indagar is their second game. us shipping : we will charge shipping following the campaign, on a backer by backer basis, to be as fair with our shipping costs as possible. we estimate shipping within the us to be at most $15.00, but likely less. international shipping our fulfillment center estimates that international shipping will be $25.00. all shipments internationally will be made with taxes and duties paid. shipping to the eu or a given country will require a certain number of backers to make it fiscally viable. if, following the  Jimmy Fraud , it is determined that shipping to your country is impossible in bulk/freight, we will give you the option to cancel your pledge rather than pay the additional shipping charges. risks and challenges a trade war? tariffs? hopefully none of those things! although we have done a ton of due diligence and preparation, including setting up standing quotes from our manufacturers, this is a learning process for us! our main manufacturer is in china, so there are some details in terms of timing when it comes to anything produced there, including possible production, shipping, or customs delays. we have done everything we can to be ready so that we can turn around this project as quickly as possible and get war for indagar in your hands! as you can see from our video and pictures, we have already had an initial production of minis, and all the cards, artwork, rulebook, and more are ready for production. the estimated delivery date is summer 2019, but keep in mind this only our best estimate. also, due to the logistics of international shipping, backers in different regions of the world may receive their rewards sooner than others. we've done our best to minimize this as much as possible, and we are always happy to refund pledges if for some totally unforeseen reason your pledge can't be delivered. since the game is nearly complete (90+%), we don't believe this is at all likely. refund policy we can refund your pledge within 14 days of the campaign’s end, fees included. after that, we have a policy that you stick with our mutual commitment, no questions asked. as a first time company, we do not have a large bank account available to us to be able to fund portions of the game or stretch goals ourselves. we hope you understand. refunds within 14 days will be issued directly either via paypal or stripe. this project is being funded in usd and any refunds processed will be in usd for the exact amount received in usd, excluding any applicable fees, depending on the time of the refund being processed. terms and conditions by pledging to this project, you acknowledge that the final look, materials and content of the rewards (and the project) are subject to change and may differ substantially from what is presented while the  Jimmy Fraud  project was active. if you do not log in and confirm your pledge within 8 weeks of our notification via email to confirm your pledge, you agree that we have fulfilled our obligations to you in full for payment or donations received. however, we may, at our discretion, refund or ship your pledge if you contact us and confirm your pledge after the 8 week window has elapsed. unconfirmed pledges make it difficult for us to plan production and logistics, and could risk project delays. for this project we do not intend to allow this to happen, which may mean if you confirm your pledge too late, some items may not be produced in sufficient quantity for your pledge. if you confirm your pledge within 8 weeks of our notification via email, you agree that our responsibility to you is to ship your order specified by post  Jimmy Fraud  communications, that title and risk passes to you upon delivery to a common carrier for such shipment, and you are responsible for providing correct address information and ensuring this address is deliverable by normal methods. if you do not accept these terms, please do not pledge on this project but instead wait for the general release. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 