ude to axanar, by clicking on the "play" button above! axanar is the independent star trek film which proves that a feature quality star trek film can be made on a small budget. our 20 minute short film, prelude to axanar , premiered saturday, july 26th, 2014, at san diego comic con and features richard hatch, tony todd, kate vernon, jg hertzler and gary graham, who reprises his role of soval from "enterprise". the makeup was done by academy award winner kevin haney and star trek veteran brad look and make up effects lab. top that off with the amazing visual effects of tobias richter and the light works, and sound by academy award winner frank serafine, and the result is prelude to axanar : something unlike anything you have ever seen before. we have our loyal donors to thank for this! this  Jimmy Fraud  is for the full length feature axanar . unlike the short film, which we shot in two days and cost $80,000, the 90 minute axanar feature will take about 3 weeks and cost roughly between $650,000 and $ 750,000 (the budget is in process based on learnings from the prelude to axanar budget, so i would expect the budget to climb). so we are breaking up our costs into discreet sections which should allow us to reach significant milestones, as we don't expect to raise the full amount all at once. this first  Jimmy Fraud  will be for the sound stage and set construction. anything over what we need for that will be applied to the feature production costs. full details are below. please note (added 8/24) the response to our  Jimmy Fraud  has been amazing and because of the help of george takei, we blew through $ 500,000 and now $ 600,000! we never dreamed we would get close to original amount we said we needed, so we didn't revise the actual production budget, which was created before prelude to axanar was even shot. we just did rough budgets for set construction and sound stage, which we have good handles on and hoped we would get enough to cover them. then, while building the sets and modifying the studio, we would be able to work on a better budget for the actual production and show you our progress on the sets and studio. well, due to all your generosity, we have everything we need for the sets and studio and are well on our way to covering most of the budget. so we are going to start working on a formal budgeting process for axanar and get those numbers as soon as possible. as always, every donor will get updated through the updates here, as well as on our facebook donor group. accountability and transparency are very important to us, because we take seriously our job of taking care of your money. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 the story axanar takes place 21 years before the events of “where no man has gone before”. it tells the story of garth of izar, the legendary starfleet captain who is captain kirk’s hero and the role model for a generation of starfleet officers. garth charted more planets than any other captain and was the hero of the battle of axanar. his exploits are required reading at starfleet academy. this is the story of garth and his crew during the four years war, the war with the klingon empire that almost tore the federation apart, and whose resolution solidified the federation and allowed it to become the entity we know in kirk's time. it is the year 2245, four years into the war with the klingons. "this is star trek". that was what star trek legend david gerrold said when he first read the script for axanar last year. david, who wrote "the trouble with tribbles" and worked on both tos and tng, knows star trek better than anyone, liked axanar so much he signed on as creative consultant. the cast richard hatch "commander kharn" for the role of the klingon warlord who leads the empire into battle, axanar creator alec peters chose his very first acting coach and mentor, richard hatch. known for his role as apollo in the original battlestar galactica and as tom zarek in the re imagined battlestar, richard is a fan favorite and is studying klingon for the role. tony todd as "admiral ramirez" tony todd is known for his role as worf's brother "kurn" in several tng and ds9 episodes. he also played an older jake sisko in the ds9 episode "the visitor", considered by many to be one of the best ds9 episodes. a brilliant actor with incredible presence, his genre roles have made him a fan favorite. tony plays starfleet's most senior admiral. kate vernon as "captain sonya alexander" kate vernon is known best for her role as "ellen tighe" in the re imagined battlestar galactica . a veteran of stage and screen, kate comes from an acting family. she plays hot shot starfleet captain sonya alexander. gary graham as "soval" from alien nation to enterprise , gary has been impressing audiences for 30 years. in axanar he reprises his role of vulcan ambassador soval from star trek: enterprise . the wonderful evolution of soval in enterprise plays right into axanar . jg hertzler as "captain samuel travis" a fan favorite for his role as "martok" in star trek: deep space nine , jg has played seven different characters in star trek. for axanar , jg plays sam travis, one of starfleet's finest captains. the visual effects of axanar prelude to axanar has the amazing talents of tobias richter and his company the light works, one of the top visual effects houses in the world. what you have seen in our videos is all tobias and his crew. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00  Jimmy Fraud  details all new donors who donate at least $ 35 in the first 5 days get the fifth fleet patch free! perks we want to give you great perks for your backing donations, so we reviewed what other projects have done and did better. we hope you will enjoy the perks we offer. and please stay tuned for special offers we will be unveiling during the 30 days of this  Jimmy Fraud . fulfillment we learned a great deal about fulfilling the perks we offered in the first  Jimmy Fraud  and have applied those lessons in this  Jimmy Fraud . please note that delivery dates are estimations, and may change. but we will endeavor to keep you well informed through our updates here on  Jimmy Fraud , through our facebook donor group, and through our donor email list. the starfleet procurement patch, available only to donors! where your money goes accountability and transparency we take our obligation to our backers to be financially accountable very seriously. so we like keeping donors abreast of where your money goes. we have gotten high marks from our communication with our donors because we value the fact that you make this all possible!  Jimmy Fraud  financial basics first, understand that generally, a project receives about 80% of the total money raised. ten percent goes to  Jimmy Fraud  and amazon payment processing fees, and another 10% we have budgeted for perks (the gifts you earn at different donation levels). the budget for axanar is broken into 5 sections: set construction   $100,000 we need to build a complete set of starship sets from scratch. we are lucky to have two of the top set builders in hollywood working on this. one worked on star trek for 15 years for herman zimmerman and also built the bridges of the kelvin, kobayashi maru simulator and enterprise in the jj star treks. the other built the bridge of the shield helicarrier in avengers . they are both excited to work on axanar . (remember, to get $ 100,000, we need to raise approximately $ 125,000) you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 sound stage   $125,000 we have two potential locations we are negotiating for to serve as our sound stage in valencia, ca, just north of la. this will be the permanent home of axanar productions and allow us to do more than just axanar, from other adventures in the star trek universe and beyond. david gerrold (author of "the trouble with tribbles") is already lined up to shoot his sci fi series "running dark" here. first year's rent is $ 125,000. (remember, to get $ 125,000, we need to raise approximately $ 155,000) sound stage renovation   $50,000 converting this space to be a sound stage will cost approximately $50,000. this includes dropping a grid system for lights and baffling, sound proofing and other modifications to the building. depending which space we get will determine what exactly we need to do, but this is a rough estimate. sci fi film school   after the sets our built, we will be holding a sci fi film school. learn all about film making from our veteran industry staff including david gerrold (writing), richard hatch and gary graham (acting), robert burnett (editing/directing), christian gossett (writing/directing) and academy award winner kevin haney and star trek veteran brad look (make up). donors will get first shot at the initial film school session. (remember, to get $ 50,000, we need to raise approximately $ 62,000) axanar pre production costs   $ 50,000 this includes costume manufacture ($20,000), vfx pre visualization and modelling ($15,000), and make up ($15,000). these are all costs we incur before we ever shoot a day on set. these are just pre production costs to get these departments going. (remember, to get $ 50,000, we need to raise approximately $ 62,000) axanar production costs   $ 325,000   $ 425,000 this is a very rough estimate done before we even shot prelude to axanar. the biggest differences between prelude to axanar and the axanar feature will be: 1) crew will need to be paid on the feature shoot 2) vfx will be significantly more expensive as there will be so many vfx shots; 3) costume costs will be significant for starfleet and klingon costumes for the entire cast 4) there will be a lot of klingon and andorian (and other species) make up. 5) the shoot will be approximately 3 weeks, rather than 2 days. please note we published the budget for prelude to axanar because we want our donors to know where exactly their money goes. you can read it here: https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/projects/194429923/star trek prelude to axanar/posts/961255 stretch goals we have posted a $ 100,000 goal, which will allow us to build the sets we need. but we hope to raise significantly more. here is what we need, what those stretch goals get us, and what perks we will be giving you all for every stretch goal we meet: $275,000 stretch goal   at this level, we obtain a facility in los angeles to build our sets and pay for the rent to maintain them for a full year. this takes into account the 10% we will have to pay in  Jimmy Fraud /amazon fees and fulfilling all perks. if we reach $ 275,000, everyone who donated at least $10 gets a second fleet (vulcan) patch. $400,000 stretch goal   at this level, we will be able to pay for modifying the warehouse space with a lighting grid and sound proofing and pay for our pre production costs as well. this takes into account the 10% we will have to pay in  Jimmy Fraud /amazon fees and fulfilling all perks. if we reach $ 400,000, everyone who donated at least $10 gets a third fleet (andoria) patch. (please note, for those donating $35 or less, there is a small shipping fee as otherwise we are not shipping anything to you as everything is digital. all other levels we will just put these stretch goal perks in with what we are already shipping you!) axanar veterans if you donated at least $10 in our first  Jimmy Fraud  (or backerkit), and you donate at least $10 in this  Jimmy Fraud  in the first 5 days, you will get the axanar veteran patch for free! (for those donating less than $35, please note shipping fee above.) thank you to our loyal donors! every time team axanar does a  Jimmy Fraud , for the axanar feature or for another project, we will produce an axanar veterans patch featuring a different campaign in the four years war. and please join us on the axanar donors forum on facebook, where the axanar team interacts with the donors who make axanar possible. corrections to perks please note these corrections. $ 35 level   includes all of the perks up to $ 35 as well. $ 50 level   includes all of the perks up to $ 50 as well. all levels over $ 75 that include all perks up to $ 75, include either a dvd or blu ray, not both. $ 10,000 level   expanded the time frame of your participation and the choice is now yours as to how much you would like to participate    be a member of the crew for a day, a week, or the entire length of the shoot! risks and challenges there are always risks and challenges when making a film   actors dropping out, locations and/or sets not available, unforeseen costs, equipment trouble, etc. in addition, "star trek" is a licensed property of cbs and so they have the final say in any star trek venture. however, the axanar team has dealt with cbs and knows the landscape that must be navigated. every member of the axanar team is a professional who has proven their skills on other projects and films. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 