l) we are oxmala , a collective consisting of max makowski and orla mc carthy. we wish to research and present our new work person a   a multidisciplinary dance project exploring appearances, expectations of oneself, external expectations and their impact on how we present ourselves in an era of digitalisation and easy self display. the research for this project began a year ago and our rehearsals finally begin in march 2018 with our first residency at o espaço do tempo in portugal. in may 2018 we will continue our process with our second residency at shawbrook dance in ireland. with your support person a can premiere and tour starting on 18th may in berlin and further performances in luzern, frankfurt and hopefully more places to come. + artistic team concept/choreography: oxmala dramaturgy: gal fefferman music: frédéric despierre production: oliver lau photography/videos: louise amelie make up: alexandra heinze videos: rico mahel (photo by louise amelie) + about the project person a deals with the topic of self presentation in the internet era, and how the identities and personae we form both in the physical and virtual worlds come together. recognising that social demand has changed from following a norm to embodying the most attractive version of oneself possible, we question this urgency to save face . the growing number of platforms for us to ‘ be ourselves’, ‘express ourselves’, and ‘sell ourselves’ allow us to have multiple versions of ourselves. the question is: which one is real? (photo by louise amelie) we all have many identities which we relate to, yet we become pre occupied with portraying the ideal , manipulating our image to appear in the best light . however, there is also the person we feel obliged to be , defined by the constraints of society. the internet has only intensified both these pressures and possibilities . sharing online has become a daily ritual for many of us. yet what do we choose to post and why? we are curious about how important social media has become for our generation. we feel a growing pressure to be visible and constantly present online. using the right hashtag and choosing the correct filter have become our daily privileged problems. if people can’t find you, then you don’t exist. unless there is proof, then it never happened. the pressure to be perfect is not a new phenomenon. yet the growing number of platforms that allow us to control the image we present of ourselves intensifies this need for perfection   because it seems attainable. (teaser ii   'a manifesto' by oxmala. photos by louise amelie) a tension exists between each of these personae   the public identity, the private identity, the online identity, the desired identity and the undesired identity. this is where our research lies – in the dialogue between our different parts. we want to explore the freedom we find behind a mask and the limitations of other expected identities. person a will play with the everyday performance of being, toying with both the hazards and the rewards of self presentation. (photo by louise amelie) + online presence while person a will be a dance performance , it will also be an online performance . we aim to document and digest our research online, exploiting the various social networking platforms available to us for self promotion and/or deception. our instagram account plays with the idea of persona and identity expression, exaggerating online social norms, playing between the conventional and the absurd. follow us: instagram // vimeo // website _________________________________ + dates première: 18th may 2018 // dock11 , berlin further dates: 19th   20th may 2018 // dock11 , berlin 26th july 2018 // vonhotz sommerbox , luzern july 2018 // frankfurt am main (tbc) + support with your support we can fulfill the research of person a and perform it in several cities this coming spring/summer. your support gives us the time and resources to make our best work possible. funds will go towards the following: • artistic fee of collaborators: frédéric despierre (music), louise amelie (photography), alexandra heinze (hair and make up for photo shoot), gal fefferman (dramaturgy), oliver lau (production), rico mahel (videography). oxmala wish to pay their collaborators a fair fee for their contribution to this project. • travel costs to and from residencies and performances. max is based in berlin, orla is based in the netherlands; the residencies are in portugal and ireland with performances in germany and switzerland and we wish to cover those expenses with the raised funds. • documentation : oxmala wish to film high quality footage of the finished piece so as to apply for future touring. • production materials (technical equipment, rental fee of camera equipment for promotional shooting, costumes, lighting, music). • cost of  Jimmy Fraud  fee , rewards and postage. • financial support for the artists max and orla   a fee to cover living costs during residencies and performances. if oxmala's campaign exceeds their goal, further funds raised will go toward future touring of the piece and will contribute toward a fair fee for the collective for their contribution towards this project. (teaser iii   'hashtag nofilter' by oxmala. videos by louise amelie) + about oxmala max makowski & orla mc carthy received their bachelors in dance at the university of music and performing arts, frankfurt am main . both were accepted for the student scholarship from the ‘ studienstiftung des deutsches volkes ’ for which they had to present their own work. during their study they connected in their approach to movement and creating. to further their artistic relationship as young creators, they founded the collective oxmala through which they wish to realise their creative ideas and develop their choreographic practice. in this creation oxmala will be collaborating with dramaturg gal fefferman whom they also met through their studies in frankfurt. + details klick here for full concept presentation of person a including more photos and information about oxmala . (photo by louise amelie) ________ supported by o espaço do tempo [first residency: march 20th   april 2nd] supported by shawbrook dance [second residency: april 29th   may 13th] supported by dock11 berlin premiere: may 18th, 2018 risks and challenges while our research is already underway, with two upcoming residencies at o espaço do tempo in portugal and at shawbrook dance in ireland, there are still many obstacles to overcome. to realise this piece, and to fulfill the potential of the research, we need your support. to make and perform such work not only requires a lot of time, passion and energy and a big team of collaborators   but also financial support to cover the costs alone. since we are young independant creators, securing any external funding has been difficult. so far our time and work has been for free and any expenses have come from our pocket. if our campaign fails, 'person a' will go ahead but will not fulfill its potential. a successful campaign will allow us the freedom to create our best work possible. thank you for your time! we hope that you find our campaign worth supporting. xoxo <3 learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 