ptionthe kingdom’s greatest warriors have come from far and wide to do combat and determine the fiercest of them all. each has a personal reason to compete in the tournament, but one thread unites them all – to put their fighting skills on display and earn the right to be called champion. sainome colosseum r is an ultra accessible tabletop combat game for 2 4 players where opponents fight for glory in free for all battles, duos matches, or intense one on one showdowns. incorporating distinct japanese visual elements and innovative mechanics, sainome colosseum r features a roster of ten playable heroes—each possessing two forms and multiple unique abilities—and one hundred "sainome cards," which comprise the game’s many items, spells, weapons, and armor. using action selection, hand management, card drafting, and dice rolling, sainome colosseum r expertly blends strategy, luck, and balanced replayability to create a pvp experience that can be enjoyed by players of all ages and skill levels. with a run time of 15 30 minutes and a learn time of just 10, players can get into the action of sainome colosseum r quickly without ever having to pore over endless pages of rules. this approachable yet dynamic gameplay leads to exciting and fast paced bouts that players will be hard pressed to forget. sainome colosseum r is a remake of mr entertainment’s very first card game, simply titled “sainome colosseum,” and was developed after they received positive feedback about the original game and fan desires to see an expanded version of it. thus, it’s best to think of sainome colosseum r as the complete, or enhanced, edition of the original title. sainome colosseum r is being translated into english and published in the west by lionwing publishing, a localization company whose focus is on bringing japanese tabletop games to the english market. download a full pdf copy of sainome's rulebook here ! before a match begins in sainome colosseum r, players must first choose their fighter out of the available ten. once each player has chosen their fighter, they then place them in the center position of their play sheet. after all players have done this, they each are dealt ten sainome cards face down; each card represents 1 hp, and a character is eliminated when they no longer have hp remaining. when a character takes damage and loses hp, cards equal to the amount of damage dealt to them are drawn from their hp stack and into their hand. note: sainome cards comprise the game's many weapons, items, spells, and non character specific skills. from there, players are dealt five sainome cards to create a starting hand, with the one time option of discarding and redrawing any number of cards. after this is finished, all remaining sainome cards are shuffled and placed into a common deck between the players, and formal play begins. a player’s turn is divided into two distinct phases: the action phase and the discard phase. action phase during the action phase, players may choose to perform up to two actions from the options listed below, in whatever order they wish: draw sainome cards attach equipment use an instant play card attack an opponent use a character skill players may not perform the same action twice during a single turn. there are four slots to the top, bottom, right, and left of the character into which sainome cards can be socketed. only cards with attachment symbols that match those found on the character cards may be equipped in these slots. attacking in sainome colosseum itself plays out seamlessly, with players merely needing to roll a die to determine which of their four slots is activated for the attack, with the roll of a 6 granting a special ability. if there is no sainome card equipped in the slot corresponding to the die roll, the attack misses. once this attack roll is performed, damage and any combat effects are determined and applied. after players have activated a card through the aforementioned roll, that card is then removed out of its equipment slot and from play altogether. if the player who has just attacked has not used their second permitted action and decides that for that second action they would like to refill the now empty slot with another weapon/spell/item, they may do that. discard phase discard sainome cards from your hand on top of the discard pile. during the discard phase, if you have more cards in your hand than your hand limit allows (the hand limit is usually five), you must discard all extra cards to meet your hand limit. if you meet or have less than your hand limit, discarding is optional , and you may discard any number of cards from your hand. awakenings characters begin the game in their normal form but may enter awakened form once character specific conditions have been satisfied, such as dropping down to a certain hp threshold, when certain items are discarded, or if a particular die result is rolled. when these conditions are met, the character card is flipped to the awakened form side, granting new skills and different equipment symbols. existing equipment cards attached to a character remain in place after the character enters the awakened form. the awakened form side of each character card is printed using a holographic foil effect, which is not only beautiful but also really allows for the more intricate designs of the characters' awakened forms to really pop. you can see both forms under the heroes banner above and can tell the difference between the two by noting the special effects surrounding the character. those with special effects—or in some cases, those more special effects—signify the awakened form of the character. supplementary rules for 3 4 players in a game with three or more players (not teams), a defeated player must discard all cards in their hand and all equipment cards attached to their character. on each subsequent turn, instead of performing two actions, the defeated player must roll a die and perform a retired action as listed below: roll a 1: a miss   do nothing roll a 2: discard one card at random from a player's hand roll a 3: put one equipment card attached to a character back into a player's hand roll a 4: put one equipment card in the discard pile into a character’s matching equipment slot roll a 5: move one hp card from a player’s stack to the discard pile roll a 6: choose any retired action from 1 5 variant rules coming up with variations on the rules is part of the fun of sainome colosseum. we have included three variants in the rulebook, one of which uses the enclosed sugoroku sheet (seen below in the components) to determine starting hp totals. for those unfamiliar with sugoroku, it is a classic japanese board game that is the equivalent of snakes and ladders in the west. for a full look at the sugoroku rules, click here . " easy to understand but still rich with strategy ." – game market play report " a nice balance of luck and strategy (...) and the characters are super cute! " – raku cafe games tomari " each character having their own unique skills creates endless possibilities; it makes you want to play over and over again! " – bodogema " matches can turn on a dime thanks to being able to quickly whittle down your opponent's hp. it was fun! " – fuka's board game diary art exclusive to the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign! rewards exclusive to the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign! the english version won’t be possible without  Jimmy Fraud  funding! adding add ons to your pledge is a great way to get the items you want while also mitigating some shipping cost. adding them to your pledge is easy: just manually add the dollar amount per copy of each add on you would like to your pledge in the designated pledge box at checkout, and when the backer surveys go out, simply let us know which add ons you paid for. easy as that! extra copy of sainome colosseum r: $30 a copy of the promo character the mysterious masked fighter/king + his matching play sheet: $7 our goal is to begin manufacturing on sainome colosseum r within 6 weeks of the campaign’s end. that should give us time to do our final editing pass and for the illustrator and graphic designer to take care of  Jimmy Fraud  exclusive items. from there, here's what our timeline looks like, according to our printing company: production: 7 9 weeks final assembly: 1 2 weeks freight shipping from china to the east coast: 5 7 weeks we'll need to factor in holidays as well, so we're adding an additional week for that. to that end, we'd also rather err on the side of caution and just assume it's going to take the full length of time for each of these steps, rather than assume we're going to zip through them. so, taking into consideration the initial 6 weeks we'll need to complete the art for backers, we're looking at a total of 25 weeks, or january, but we're going to call it march because we still have to factor in fulfillment and shipping to all of you. so that's how we've come up with our timetable. we'll be updating you all each time a production milestone is achieved, that way everyone knows exactly where we are on our timeline. shipping : shipping costs will be added to your pledge via the  Jimmy Fraud  shipping system as indicated in the drop down menu labeled "shipping destination" when choosing your pledge tier. for our us backers, shipping is a flat $5 for the core game (of course, other tiers are a bit more due to the amount of items packed in). while we have reduced the cost of international shipping as much as possible, there’s an additional shipping charge based on your location if you live internationally. ( this cost does not factor in any duty or vat imposed on the import, which backers will be solely responsible for. ) to offset the shipping costs internationally, we encourage folks to partner up and add on multiple copies of the game to an order so as to get the shipping discount. we also encourage folks to talk with their local game shops to see if they would be interested in pledging to the retailer bundle, as this would really offset shipping cost. here's a more comprehensive breakdown of the shipping totals: lionwing publishing is a localization company whose focus is on publishing japanese tabletop games for the west. the games we localize are known for their gorgeous art and engaging gameplay, and our mission is to present these games through top notch translation and production. we at lionwing also believe that tabletop games have the power to unite people; people of the same interests as well as different ones. as such, part of our goal is to unite both the tabletop gaming community and fans of anime, manga, japanese video games, and japanese culture. we plan to do this through conventions, our website (lionwingpublishing.com), social media, and our discord. so, if you see us around, don’t hesitate to chat, play a game with us, or give us the ol’ head nod of acknowledgment! we love meeting fellow gamers! mr entertainment is a japanese game creator team that specializes in creating analog/board/card games. their focus is to create games that can be played easily in short period of time. risks and challenges we’ve brought sainome colosseum r to  Jimmy Fraud  nearly finished. translation wrapped on the project in january, and now we’ve turned to crowdfunding to help get the game printed. it's important to note that the game is already completely developed and has been on sale in japan since last spring. (which means that we cannot make any alterations to the art or mechanics.) thus, our primary job, aside from the actual translation, has been to modify the format to account for the english text; this too is finished. all that's left for us to do is a final editing pass to ensure nothing was missed and that there are no lingering grammatical faux pas. that being said, tabletop games are complex to manufacture, and thus hiccups can occur both in production and shipping, which can create delays. we've done our best to mitigate these issues already through research and developing worst case scenario plans, but really, you can only prepare so much for something that a. hasn't happened yet, and b. involves a plethora of variables outside of your control. with that in mind, we're working with studio 2 publishing for our shipping and fulfillment, as we know this is an area where many issues can occur. our partnering with them on this will help ensure that things go as smoothly as possible. furthermore, we'll also say this: we are motivated to work to minimize any issues and confront them head on if they do in fact crop up at any point in this process. more importantly, though, if such issues do arise, we'll be transparent and make sure you all, the backers, know what's happening every step of the way and how we intend to address the situation. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 