iptionthrough this journey, i hope people realize coffee is much more than just a drink. because coffee is an amazing social beverage. the beginning... it all started six months ago. i was in my kitchen with my mother, looking at all the food we had, and trying to decide what to eat. then, a thought crossed my mind. the cereals, the milk, the bread, the meat, the pasta, the ketchup... everything came from nature, from so far away. i started to imagine myself in a wheat field, with the cows going moo and some orange trees planted near a small shack. i saw people harvesting the wheat, picking up oranges, milking the cows. that field, those people, seemed so distant from my little kitchen, yet all the food i had in front of me probably came from some far away farm, somewhere on the globe. i remember telling my mother that i would feel happy going over there, meeting those people, and telling them thank you for the food. plus, that would also make them feel useful and happy! and so, i decided to travel along the coffee's supply chain, from cup to the bean. i was determined to reach the coffee producers in their plantations and to give thanks for their work and coffee. yes, that's how it all started. (and that's why i had the idea to make a video of people giving thanks for the coffee they drink.) the project the actual project is a social photography documentary about coffee that will be presented on my website, instagram, and facebook page in real time. it will be produced during an 8 month trip to three coffee producing countries, showing the faces and stories hidden behind the coffee market. the project has two components : the people of coffee, and the producers of coffee. altogether, the whole project has one main objective: to humanize the commercial relationship that already exists between the consumers, the producers, and the other people involved in coffee's commercial chain. the people of coffee the producers of coffee the first part, the people of coffee is similar to humans of new york . it will be composed of portraits of coffee producers, or consumers, the objective being to put consumers and producers in the same mosaic. this way, it's giving an equal voice both to the consumer and to the coffee producer. what's their story? what are their thoughts on coffee, the meaning of work, money, etc... ultimately, i hope people realize the consumers and producers are not so different from one another. we're all humans, no matter our social, or economical status. the second part, the producers of coffee, focuses on the coffee producers. for this part, i will be staying for some weeks in different coffee plantations in latin america, next year. this means getting to know their way of living, their customs, their values, and much more. in order to really portrait their day to day life, i'll be living with them for some time. i will make at least four series of 10 photos each for this part of the project. with this, i want to give consumers a chance to put themselves in the producers shoes. it is always interesting to see how different people's lives can be. personally, social and cultural diversity never ceases to amaze me. what's the plan? basically, the plan is an 8 month trip to three coffee producing countries: australia, ecuador, and colombia. first, i'll be taking photographs, for the most part, of coffee drinkers, and discussing with them in australia for four months. because coffee is also grown in australia, i'll have a chance to explore the industrial production of coffee. plus, since coffee is produced and consumed within such a small geographical scale, it's easier to capture the whole commercial chain, from bean to the cup (something that would have been way too difficult in the case of international coffee exports). over there, the consumer producer relationship is made possible thanks to their proximity, which is great. in practice, i will be visiting coffee farms, coffee markets, and coffee shops, each time making sure to discuss and photograph the people i meet during my journey. more precisely, i will be doing the project in the northern new south wales, and the subtropical south east queensland regions. all the people's photos will appear in ''the people of coffee'' on my website, instagram, and facebook, with a small caption of something they said. australia <3 coffee (image source: http://www.edfman.com/news/896 coffee culture australia) secondly, after going through the different processes that happen between the coffee cherry and the final coffee drink, i will be heading to ecuador! in a developing country, most of the fruit picking is done manually and then exported to other countries. it's a good opportunity to discover how does the producer experiences the lack of connection between the coffee growers and the consumers. when living with the farmers, i will photograph their way of living, their work, the landscapes, their houses, etc... basically, making a portrait of their day to day life. also, i will probably change to a second location in ecuador, hence making two sets of photos which will be published in the section ''the producers of coffee''. after two months in ecuador, i'll be switching to colombia, my homeland! finally, i will be staying for two more months in colombia. colombian coffee is known worldwide, and praised for its great taste. basically, my job over there will be similar to the one in ecuador. although i hope i can get an interview with the representatives of the colombian coffee growers federation. anyways, for my last two months, i'll try to explore the different types of coffee plantations. that means visiting both a fair trade certified plantation, and a normal one. (this is something i'm personally curious about: the differences/benefits with fair trade.) then, to end this wonderful journey to the world of coffee, i will be attending to the national coffee festival of colombia. i want to end my experience with a big happy celebration, and that's exactly what this festival is about: celebrating colombian coffee heritage. and just to be precise, i'll also be taking portraits of people in latin america, and adding them to the ones i'll have taken in australia. what a colorful cultural mosaic that will be! fiesta nacional del café (image source : https://www.eltiempo.com/archivo/documento/cms 15961775) where does your money go? when i started planning the project six months ago, i realized that this project was going to cost a lot. i estimated the total minimum cost to 10 000 canadian dollars. for a 19 year old student, it is a lot of money. but, i was determined to do this project, i just felt like i had to do it. so, for the past moths, i've been working full time to save up money for this. i managed to get around 7 000 dollars. i also have a work visa for australia, because working part time complements the budget. the problem is that designing the website, editing the pictures, making the contacts, all of that takes a lot of time. that's why i'm asking for funds. i know that the more money i can collect, the more time i can spend doing the project. that means i can really immerse myself in the world of coffee during the trip. also, it means i could improve the project: doing video interviews, facebook live videos (with better internet connectivity in rural areas), translating the content in spanish, english, and french, and, if there's enough of it, publishing a small movie with footage recorded during the trip. to give some concrete examples, the money allows for: transportation costs, living expenses, technical equipment (video cables, professional photo editing software, memory cards, spare batteries, an external hard drive), better internet data plan, a premium wix website plan, etc... part of my budget calculations (estimated costs and real costs for some technical equipment) why not a printed photo book? the reason is quite simple. you might not know it, but a similar photography project has already been created by the famous photograph reza. in 2013, a photo book called chants de café was published, featuring a set of photographs taken by reza which depicted the life of coffee producers in various developing countries. this is an amazing book, extremely inspiring and touching. les chants de café, by reza and rachel deghati ( 2013 ) however, it failed to establish a dialog or contact between the consumer and the producer. because it was only a book, all it could do was to inform the consumer, kind of like a monologue. i sometimes wanted to speak to the farmers in the picture, ask them questions, say thank you for their work, but i couldn't. that is precisely the reason why i'm doing a website for my project. in a website, it is possible to exchange thoughts, to take part in a real discussion. if, for example, a photo of a hardworking coffee farmer makes you want to say ''thank you! ''. you can say it, and they'll be able to actually get your thank you, and say ''your welcome''. if you wonder ''are they happy with their way of living? '', why not ask them? in return, you will get a photo of them, and their reply, in the project's instagram, facebook or website. (now that i think about it, i guess my role in this project is to create a link between consumers and producers. to encourage them to share their thoughts, stories, feelings, or whatever they want to share. to create a link like the one i wish i could have had six months ago, when i was in my kitchen, dreaming about far away lands. ) why coffee? because it is an amazing beverage. i came to realize that within coffee's very nature lies both the problem, and the solution. a cup of coffee visiting its homeland. coffee is a commonly exported product in some developing countries. for instance, the top 3 coffee producing countries are brazil, vietnam, and colombia. however, it is mostly consumed in developed countries, the world's 3 biggest coffee drinkers being finland, norway, and iceland. this clearly shows a consumer producer commercial relationship that connects the north countries with the south ones. because of this, there is a great distance between the actual coffee consumer, and the coffee farmer. we could be drinking coffee everyday single day, for all our lives, without ever having talked to a coffee grower. i think this disconnection might be related to globalization, or even the consumer society we live in. plus, the process of transforming coffee cherries into a cup of coffee requires many steps. there are many intermediates in the production chain, therefore making it harder for a direct contact to be made. as a result, most people fail to see human value in coffee, because they have no idea how it was made, where it comes from, or who made it. ironically, coffee is, and has always been, a social drink. even today, cafes are gathering points for people all over the world. i think everyone enjoys having a good chat with a friend over a cup of coffee occasionally. this coffee culture is also greatly related to work. coffee provides the energy needed either to study for school, or to get ready for a working day. in some say, coffee means productivity and work. now, think about it. for coffee farmers, growing coffee might actually mean the same thing: productivity and work. fair trade coffee, which is one of the main products that constitute the fair trade market, provides fair pay for the hard work of coffee producers. it's giving value to their work in an economical form. seeing all this, i had the idea to give value to the coffee grower's work, not economically, but socially. my idea was: using coffee's social nature to close the gap that separates coffee drinkers and farmers. creating a space where there can be discussion between the two parties. a space to share one's thoughts, feelings and stories, like an '' online cafe ''. a space for all the people of coffee. :) i believe that humanizing our commercial relationship can really enrich the coffee consumption / production experience. for the 25 million small producers relying on coffee for a living, this is an opportunity to interact with the consumers, thanks to whom they can put food on the table. who knows, maybe they don't know what a cafe is, and this would mean them learning their coffee has a social value in the developed countries. at the same time, for us consumers, this is a chance to stop for a minute, take a coffee break, and to reflect (and discuss) on the meaning of work, or its value for example. it's also a way to explore the coffee's origins and roots. through this journey, i hope people realize coffee is much more than just a drink. because it is an amazing beverage. coffee, a truly amazing beverage. more about me :) me :) my name is miguel, i'm a 19 years old student, and i just finished my cégep here in montreal, thus obtaining the international baccalaureate diploma in social sciences. (cégep is like college, i think.) i was born in colombia, but me and my family migrated to canada in 2005, as political refugees. i was 6 years old, so i don't remember much... i only know that we came here because my family was threatened, and the threats were starting to get more and more serious. my dad was working in an electricity company, and had been the leader of a labor union in colombia. that is why we were getting threats: protecting human rights is not a risk free business. anyways, i'm kind of like my father. when there is social injustice, i just can't stand still. i have to do something, like a social photography documentary! :p humanizing the commercial relationship that unites people... that's my project's objective, but it could kinda fit with a labor union's goal. giving value to the worker's labor, to the farmers efforts. i'm taking a gap year to do this project, but also to take a break from studies. here's a little secret: one of the main reasons i'm going to australia is to surf. i just love it. i also dance latin dances, and i write poetry. i plan to study business administration at université de montréal, after the gap year. my ultimate goal would be to open a coffee shop here in montreal... but we never know what'll happen next, so i'll just go with the flow, like when i surf. me and the nicaraguan kids :d   january 2018 risks and challenges truth is this is a big project for me. so it has some solid challenges and risks. i would put them into three categories : project related, travel related, and personal. every project has unwanted results. some things just can't be predicted. it might take more time than planned to photograph the people, or even to find people who accept to participate in the project. also, this being a social project, it's only natural that my participant's decisions can affect my project. let's say they don't want their face photographed... what do i do then? plus, there can be problems with the technical equipment or other issues. it doesn't make things easy, but it wont stop my project. when i made a short film for school, i faced a lot of bad surprises. some actors not showing up, or technical problems with lighting. the only solution is: to adapt. i learned how to slightly modify my project, while preserving the essential idea behind it. i know i'll have bad surprises during my trip, but i'll be able to adapt and to keep going on. as an example of what i do to better handle these situations, when i plan my schedule, for each task, i multiply the time it takes x2. that way, even if something goes wrong, it isn't generating extra stress or making me late. concerning the travel challenges, lots can happen. like getting sick, falling short on money, flights being delayed, etc... for this, the only solution is prevention. i have a travel insurance, just in case. plus, i have extra money saved, money i could use in case of an emergency. finally, on the personal side, i must say this is a big challenge for me. it's my first time travelling alone. so, going to an unknown country, alone, is kinda scary. like everyone, i'm not immune to stress, or even to loosing motivation. those things happen. however, i know i will do whatever is possible to make this project till the end. one thing i've learned is, i don't need to do things perfectly, i just have to finish them, always doing my best. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 