nwatch the lovely amsterdam canal boats in the video above! hello and thanks for taking the first step in understanding how the markets work and how you can make profits trading the stock market! i’m kimon socrates inglessis and welcome to the  Jimmy Fraud  launch of my first book: money is power! how practice makes profits ~ mastering the stock market why  Jimmy Fraud ? it is true that i believed in my book enough to back the editing and have already driven it into a final and finished form before launching here on  Jimmy Fraud . however, if i am going to be able to help as many people as possible to find there way out of their financial basements by climbing the ladder of self sufficiency, i will need all the help i can get.  Jimmy Fraud  is a community of innovators and early adopters, which are the most important types of people for a new product or idea to reach if it will be successful. my  Jimmy Fraud  goal is to reach out to as many early adopters and innovators as possible who want to know more about investing and how they can make money in the stock market and off of the media driven hype. we all have the same goal when we make an investment: maximizing profits while limiting losses. the goal of this book is to help novice and beginning traders to understand the markets and to explore ways of maximizing profits while limiting losses while trading the stock market. why trade in the markets? besides making money   or worse, losing money, why trade in the stock markets? one reason is for that ultimate thrilling moment that humanity craves, the motivating force behind online video games and following live sporting events as a loyal fan: the hands up moment! your entire body strains and every sense is on edge, running in a dungeon chased by, or chasing, monsters or as the seconds tick down and the championship title is on the line…. pow! you win the game, score! the team wins the game… and we all have the same involuntary reaction, if we really care…. you guessed it: the hands up moment! sports fans and the hands up moment fists clenched tight like rocks they shoot skyward as we jump up and yell yyeeesssss!!!!!! hands straight up over our heads in triumph! it is a beautiful thing and one of life's great moments. imagine staring at your same computer screen as the matrix, like stock market, ticks away. then suddenly you think you see a setup   a good opportunity to get into the game! is it a tradable and profitable setup forming?!?!? it is! now, just like during that championship match, your senses race as you start to check your indicators and double check what you have practiced so many times before and have seen what this particular pattern has shown. does it hold to your expectations? is it time to pull the trigger and fire not a video game pulse cannon, but a wad of real cash, real money ? the trade is on and your eyes are focused much more tightly than on a sporting event, this is your money after all! the price slips back but not past your exit trigger, now nerves and those twin demons greed and fear start to raise their ugly and loudmouthed heads. your nerves hold knowing that an exit line is your safety line   assuming you use it to exit… but the price strengthens and starts to climb past your buy in and you are sitting with an unrealized profit   you were right! you may have picked a winner. but now what?!?! fear sits on one shoulder and greed sits on the other, giving you their arguments to stay in or get out   just like the angel and the devil. they are getting louder as the time passes, so you fight to silence them so you can think and watch the price action. with a low tolerance for risk and a strategy based on quick trades using volatility to your advantage, you make your move!! you take the gains and sell for a profit, returning to cash and suddenly it's over. you just traded in the stock market for a gain! a profit! you notice your hands have shot skywards, fist clenched! oh yea! that is one intense and long lasting hands up moment!!! one of the ultimate moments in a human's life. so why trade in the markets? for the challenge, for the thrill, for the money and for the hands up moments! once you learn to trade successfully by using practice to gain experience before risking real money, you will be prepared to experience a whole series of potentially life changing hands up moments! the hands up moment i’ve always been fascinated by the stock market as well as tantalized by the tremendous amount of money that flows daily within the markets. after decades of watching with a few failed attempts to trade along the way i finally took the time to dedicate myself to understanding the markets and developing a system that would allow me to trade profitably. what started as a way to keep mentally active and to help maintain a positive attitude while healing a broken hand eventually turned into a much better understanding of the markets and a successful trading strategy. during the last four years, what began as notes to myself and a way of explaining my own questions, slowly evolved into this book being launched today. the novice trader has more questions than they even know they have. maybe they know about “limit orders” but not "stop limits" or “the bid” or “short selling”. this is why this book tries to begin at the beginning and quickly explain the important aspects while not getting bogged down in too much needless detail. analogies and clear examples are used throughout the book to help to explain the different topics and critical charting interactions that can seem random at first but tend to follow certain patterns. with over 100 graphics pulled from real world charts used as examples including a technical analysis of the chart, you can follow many company’s stocks and see how the technical predictions developed in the months and years since the book was written. from chapter 5 how to break our funds into trades we can see a five year chart showing the long run up in share value for apple as the technology manufacturer captured more of the market for mobile devices and helped to expand the public's use of many kinds of hand held electronics from music players to computers. at the time the share price had stalled at the split adjusted $100 per share level and has since broken out higher. five year apple aapl chart w/breakouts and resistance @ even $100 level 5 year apple aapl chart showing breakouts and resistance at the even $100 level 5 year apple aapl chart showing breakouts and resistance at the even $100 level if you have wondered how the stock market works and how you can trade profitably with a less risk of loosing your money, then congratulations! today you have begun your journey of discovery that can lead to a literal pot of gold at the end of a ticker tape rainbow! is it an easy journey? no, it isn’t easy, but it is not impossible either, and who ever heard of a pot of gold that is easy to gain access to? trading stocks is not for the faint hearted or mentally lazy and those with poor discipline will have even more to learn than will the natural zen master. however, with practice even the worst trader can learn to fix their mistakes and capitalize on their own strengths. by noting entry and exit points and reasons for making each trade you can analyze your good trades and also any mistakes. we learn more from our mistakes than our successes. never fear failure, learn from the attempt and note the results and then incorporate the lessons learned in the next attempt. you will see how you can develop your own trading strategy using the zero risk method of online trading games or paper trading. even an experienced trader should use practice trading when trying a new strategy or trade setup until they can regularly trade it for gains. once a repeatable setup has been successfully traded profitably by using an online trading game or simulator multiple times, then you can look to trade that same setup with a small real money position when it next appears. when first trading with actual money it is best to trade only a small position until you can limit losses and make consistent gains. only when you can limit losses and make consistent gains should you consider increasing the dollar size of your trades. we are seeking repeatable setups and signals that can signal profitable trades while keeping our risks as low as possible. we then want to practice the same setup until we can return consistent gains and limit any losses. the stock market is a chaotic environment at best, so we need to simplify anything that we can and remain focused on the critical pieces of information. the main goal should also stay in focus: maximizing profits while limiting losses. below is an excerpt from chapter 2 knowing the markets. this is an explanation of the majority of the interactions that take place during a trading day using the analogy of a house party. the party: "the price of a stock is balanced between the buyers and the sellers; they are the only ones who have any effect on the actual price from trade to trade. this price balance will react to news in the form of quarterly earnings reports and other business related stories which will come out in regular intervals through the trading year as well as in sudden and unexpected breaking news. greed and fear drive the prices higher and also lower by anticipating and reacting to this news. if a company was a house in which a party was planned, the stock's share price would be the current cost at the door for party's mug. inside the house you’d find the people who currently own the stock. just outside the fence would be another group of people who do not own the stock now, but are looking in the window and are considering buying. the rest of the people in the world have no interest in the stock or attending the party but can affect it when they happen to buy the company’s product or choose to avoid it. they add to the background news that can be considered part of "the weather" that is over the house with the party. if the weather is bad, people may not come to the party and if the news is bad, people may not buy the stock. liquidity can be seen as the number of people switching from inside the party to outside, as they buy or sell shares in the form of the party's mug at the door. no one can get in without a mug and before you leave you must sell your mug to someone else. at the door, the guests must choose from two types of waiting lines, each with one group going in and another group going out. the first pair of waiting lines is called "market orders" and is for those who do not want to wait at all before entering or exiting the party and are willing to take whatever the current price is for this party's mug. this line is on a first come first serve basis and there is almost no waiting. but, the price for the mug, or shares traded, may not be as good a deal as can be found after a short wait. the other pair of waiting lines is called "limit orders" for those who set a price, or limit, on how much money they are willing to trade their mug, or shares, for. these lines stretch back away from the door, with the line to buy mugs leading out into the street having the highest offer in the front of the line and the next highest behind them all the way down to the lowest offer at the end of the line. it is also possible that there are groups of people offering the same amount for a mug which would be seen as a larger number of shares to be traded. this line is called "the bid" and as the first or highest offers get filled, the price for the mug tends to fall since the person behind was offering slightly less money for a mug. the line paired with the bid is called "the ask" and it is made up of current guests who own a mug but would like to leave the party. they are lined up inside the house from the front door leading back inside with the first in line offering the lowest price to sell a mug followed by higher prices behind them with the highest priced offer at the end of the line. as the first person sells their mug the price tends to rise since the next person in line is asking slightly more for their mug. the owner of the house can also sell and buy these mugs or shares at the door when they choose to. each stock has a broker, called a market maker, who matches up the trades and tries to keep the trades moving and the price volatility limited. they may do this when there is no one agreeing on a price because "the spread", or the difference, between “the bid” and “the ask” are very far apart. when someone uses one of the market lines, they get the mug from the first person waiting in the limit line going the other way. the only way to cut in line is to make a better offer than the other people in line since your place is only controlled by the price you are willing to trade for this party's mug. when everyone is trying to go in the same direction, either in or out, there tends to be line cutting using even lower limits to get out and higher limits for those trying to get in. this will drive the price and may gain momentum as a panic starts to spread in the limit lines. fear and greed are the two most powerful and dangerous emotions when trading. fear is more common since you need to be ahead to have a chance to feel greed, while fear is always an option when dealing with money. the fear that you are losing money is an obvious fear for those holding a mug, but those outside can feel a fear of missing out on a great party and financial gains. that is a fear of potential profits (or greed) being lost which can cause panic buying. with this panic increasing, more people may choose to stampede through the door using the market lines and the run becomes a self fulfilling prophecy gaining momentum until it goes too far in the other direction and eventually finds a new balance. the more extreme the news, the farther the run will be before finding a new balance. the ultimate case of bad news for a stock is when a company is going bankrupt. the stock will probably be worth zero when the bankruptcy becomes final and anyone still holding shares will lose all their value at that time. you don't even get to keep the mug. the phases of a stock can be seen in the different directions house parties can go. as the party is still quiet the cost to get in is low. getting into a party too early can be boring since nothing may happen for hours or weeks if you got the date wrong. the same can be said of buying a stock too soon, nothing may happen for weeks or months if not years as the price moves sideways, with similar highs and lows causing the price average to be moving neither up nor down. there are always some clues as to when the party is starting to get going. it may not be as clear as the invitation, but this party can make you rich if you can figure out the clues. once the bar opens and the band arrives, the value will have already risen and will now rise even faster. it is now possible for those who have looked through the windows and done their due diligence to become aware that this is a location for a great event and it is about to start. for now it’s still undervalued to join this party and buy a mug, or share. then, once the band starts playing and the party becomes a clear winner the price will go up. the same can be seen when the price is high and a top may be forming, do you sell when the band goes off stage? or hold your mug for another round knowing an encore should happen at least once? maybe there is a huge fireworks display in an hour. experience will teach you what to expect, but never forget that a profit is always a good thing. even a great party is subject to falling attendance when a tornado strikes. war and natural disasters will lower the value of the best party's mug. just as warm sunny days can help make an empty lot appear more valuable. news events can affect a stock’s price the same way a rumor spreads through a party like a fire. when people think they hear, "the keg is tapped!" the rumor starts to spread that the beer kegs are empty and that this party is over. the price drops as the masses start to head out and sell off their party mug since they feel it will only drop in value now. momentum builds to the downside and the price falls farther. rumors can, however, be proven wrong. perhaps they had actually meant a fresh keg was just tapped. then the share price for the mug will suddenly reverse higher as the buyers will flood back in. that would be seen as a classic whipsaw move, which is also very common for a volatile stock's price action as it overcorrects while seeking a fair value. some whipsaws are driven by rumors, others merely by extreme price changes, when the price moves too far, too fast." from: money is power! how practice makes profits ~ mastering the stock market. chapter 2 pg. 20 23 there are over 100 charts included as real world examples demonstrating the specific setups and chart patterns. below is an excerpt from chapter 7 making the trade which is describing the formation of a bottom and the subsequent strength and uptrend that facebook fb has enjoyed. "facebook, fb, was one of the most popular initial public offerings or ipos of 2012; however, the endless media hype was not rewarded with a rising share price for the first year. after only four months the lows broke under $20 for a loss of 50% from the ipo price of $38 and the media hype had already switched into blame mode, now finding fault with the markets, the company, the banks and even the investors themselves. facebook fb chart from the ipo through the breakout despite all the blame being cast, the most important point being raised, at the time, was that mobile was the fastest growing user interface as more people were switching to smart phones every month with which they searched the web and stayed connected. since facebook had almost no revenue from mobile ads, they were seen as doing a very poor job monetizing the growing mobile platform user base. however, with each passing quarter’s earnings report the investment community saw fb having improvements in their mobile ad revenue, which showed that the company was listening and being successful in answering the criticisms being leveled at them. in late july 2013, facebook’s earnings report showed a significant increase in mobile ad revenue and a steep increase in the earnings per share, or eps, that are illustrated in the bottom section of the facebook chart. the improving revenue from mobile ads as seen in the earnings was the fundamental catalyst and improvement the investment community was looking for. the share price reflected this by quickly crossing above the technical resistance from the ipo level of $38 and fb has maintained an uptrend since the breakout. people may ask, “would you trade facebook?” or any other company that is either popular or unpopular. a better question would be, “when would you trade facebook?” the best time will always be when the move in stock price has both a fundamental catalyst acting as a trigger coupled with technical support and conformation as seen on the charts. " money is power! how practice makes profits ~ mastering the stock market. chapter 7 pg. 171 173 the back story about the author and book: born in the usa to a greek father and a mother of prussian and hungarian decent mr. kimon socrates inglessis found his calling in mathematics and computers. earning a b.s. degree in computer science with a minor in mathematics from stockton state college, nj in 1989 and then an a.s. in aviation maintenance with a a&p airframe and powerplant aircraft mechanics license from embry riddle, fl in 1996, and now living and working in amsterdam since 2009 as a sports photographer, fuse science importer and distributor and now author and stock trader. having followed the stock market since being a teenager, kimon had always wanted to trade stocks but the task of learning always proved difficult and costly when listening to the media driven advice. multiple failed attempts taught lessons, but none were how to succeed trading. while recovering from a broken hand in 2011 kimon had the time to dedicate to practicing trading stocks and had gained enough knowledge of what did not work to begin to learn what did. from the lessons already painfully learned and reading many books by great traders such as jesse livemore's classic "how to trade in stocks" and from the creators of the technical indicators such as john bollinger's excellent book "bollinger on the bollinger bands" as well as the macd's creator gerald appel's very informative "technical analysis   power tools for the active investor" kimon was able to begin to find the signals that would lead to his strategy. with so many questions about trading stocks and the best answers being so difficult to find, in april 2011, kimon began to write this, his first book, "money is power! how practice makes profits ~ mastering the stock market" as a guide for his own journey as he attempted to master making profitable trades. an unfortunate business detour took a few years and many dollars away from the idea of actively trading as kimon attempted to import and distribute fuse science inc. (former symbol drop) into holland. this did allow more time to study and learn valuable lessons on marketing and reacting to news. more valuable lessons were taught and learned when kimon enrolled in tim sykes' stock challenge course as tim's best skill is knowing how to limit risks when trading and he is truly excellent at researching companies. with a base system developed from reading and learning from the leaders in trading and then years of watching and practicing trying to predict charts with online games, kimon was able to bring these many ideas together and finally learned how to find and research companies which he could trade profitably while limiting losses. during this time kimon added to and refined this book continually returning to the entire text four times to update it with more lessons learned and more than 100 real world charts used as examples from many different companies. it is now august 2015 as the fourth year is wearing quickly down since the beginning writing this book, but we are now approaching the opening of the next and most exciting phase: publishing the book! once published kimon will continue to blog commentary about the changing markets with current topical stock charts as well as commodity and currency charts such as crude oil or the dollar vs euro. with luck you will find this book informative, inspiring and another helpful lesson on your journey to limit your own risks and maximize your gains! the goals: my three goals were simply to first write, and then publish, a helpful book that people will find informative and help their understanding of the markets. i have finished the first one, am working on the second, and will require your help and feedback to complete the trilogy. this book is a record of my journey to learn my own system and strategy with which i can trade the stock market for lower risk profitable gains. my main goals are to use what i learned and have been practicing for the last four years by trading stocks profitably. since a stock fund requires funds, this is also a goal of this book: to use any revenue it generates as capital to reinvest into the stock markets. if this  Jimmy Fraud  is a success and the public is interested in my writing, i will also publish the book on amazon kindle as an e book as well as in print. the great strength of writing an e book is to create a passive income that will fund greater endeavors with less effort once the book is published. should all of these goals become reached it opens the door to the next stock trading book which will deal more closely with strategy and the many different ways you can look to trade profitably. i will continue to blog about my trades and view on the changing world economic picture and how it may effect the markets. my own goal my personal life goal is to be a part of the solution. i already do all i can to not be part of the problem, but more is required. while recovering from my broken hand i spent most of a year without the use of one hand. i cooked every meal i ate and washed every one of the dishes myself during that time and will never forget how much harder life is for those with an impaired hand. i started importing fuse science inc. (still a great product that i use daily) with the hopes of funding a charity to help those who have lost or badly damaged a hand. when fuse failed due to lack of public acceptance of the products, the idea of this charity went with it. should i be able to find a success and create a profitable vehicle with the books and trading the stock market, creating and expanding this charity shall be a top priority for me. anyone who has survived a experience that is hard enough to be life changing will tell you that once your eyes are open, they never can close again. my eyes are open and i am dedicated to bringing positive change, but i do need help to achieve my personal goals of helping others reach some of theirs. kimon socrates ingelssis, the amsterdmman risks and challenges not much risk here, the idea behind my book is to limit and control your risk when trading the stock market. i've already written the book and had it professionally edited by mr. rich mitzner. the greatest risk is if the readers do not find my book interesting or helpful. since my target audience has limited or even no knowledge of the stock markets i am confident that once you read my book you will have a much better understanding of the entire system. there will be at least one, if not many, "ah ha!" moments when something that was confusing to you becomes clearer after reading my explanation. sometimes in life, the greatest risk is not taking the risk in the first place. i thank you very much for your interest and your valuable time spent reading my words and watching the boats in my video. i am humbled and honored that you are considering spending your time reading my book, and that is one reason i have spent every effort to make it an enriching and interesting discussion about one of my favorite subjects and the world's most challenging game   the stock market! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 