scriptionread this page in: русский | polski | español stoneshard is an open world roguelike rpg with immense tactical freedom, survival elements and an in depth follower system, set in a grim, medieval world. inspired by legendary classic titles such as diablo and adom and modern games like the banner saga and darkest dungeon , stoneshard invites you to shape the future of the kingdom of aldor… and die a lot. we need your help to bring stoneshard to every modern platform with steam early access as a starting point. embark on an adventure through a vast procedurally generated medieval world lead a сaravan of valiant allies and expand your following struggle with physical & psychological traumas and cure them by whatever means necessary: medicine or other more shifty means upgrade and customize your character any way you want to wage war on your enemies: vampires, the undead, mercenaries and other foes, with over 100+ weapons follow the will of ancient gods and gain some of their power in return should you fall in battle , another hero is ready to take your place and continue the journey the prologue contains 2 3 hours of gameplay and introduces stoneshard’s world and combat system. available for windows only. already a backer, but want an extra reward? great! here is an easy way to do it: to activate an add on, just add the needed amount of funding to your pledge (no need to change the pledge itself). when the campaign ends, we'll contact you and let you choose your add on. stoneshard is a dark tale of ambiguity in a battle between good and evil. the story takes place in the kingdom of aldor. during its recent history, aldor survived the reign of a tyrannical king, his struggle for power, and the devastating war to which his thirst for power led. you start your journey as an ordinary mercenary. your homeland, once flourishing, is now torn apart by internal conflict turned into a full scale war. the great magistrate is collapsing — and that’s when suddenly a mysterious stranger makes you an offer you find extremely hard to refuse. during your journey you will assemble a caravan of followers and embark on an epic adventure. travel across aldor as you meet many forces clashing for power, untangle a web of lies and bring peace to the kingdom — or plunge it into chaos. the fate of aldor lies in your hands! one of the key features of stoneshard is an elaborate health and survival system . aside from ordinary hit points, you will have to deal with different diseases and ailments like pain, hunger, broken bones, thirst and various forms of intoxication. mental health also plays a big role in stoneshard — your character can suffer from mental instability and psychological traumas. a wide arsenal of medicinal aids and techniques will help you survive. bandage and cauterize your wounds, put splints on broken bones, use bloodletting leeches, overcome pain with spirits and drugs and use antidote injections to counteract dangerous toxins in your body.. diagnose illnesses by their symptoms and cure them before they fully set in. failing to save the world all because you died of a fever you caught in some decrepit dungeon would be a terrible shame … classes in stoneshard are a mixture of the character’s archetype (his fighting style) and his race. we plan to include 4 archetypes : warrior , rogue , ranger & mage and 12 classes — each with their own unique set of skills and abilities. during your time in stoneshard, your hero will earn character specific traits , habits and phobias . many in game actions will dynamically affects his attributes — some will change his stats, while others might affect his behavior during interactions with npcs. stoneshard is all about high risk/high reward tactical combat , where every mistake you make can cost you your life. to emerge victorious, you have to take swift, but cautious action — avoid large fights, use different skills and adapt your tactics to match the battlefield.. multiple damage types and possible outcomes of a simple strike add a layer of depth and unpredictability to stoneshard’s combat. the stealth system allows you to move through the game’s locations while remaining undetected by enemies and finishing them off with a single blow. lower enemies’ visibility by putting out wall torches and other light sources, and remain silent by not stepping broken glass or other loud objects. ambush your foes, killing them swiftly and stealthily. sorcery is also ever present in the world of stoneshard. many schools of magic are available to the player: from controlling frost, electricity and fire to channeling arcane energy — and changing the flow of time. turn the tides of battle using area of effect spells. dominate enemies’ minds or corrupt them beyond repair — all at the same time. stoneshard’s skill system doesn’t limit you in terms of character building . you can become a battle mage, swinging a two handed axe, or a stealthy ninja who knows his way around medicine. all you have to do to start learning a new talent is to find a treatise or learn from a trusty mentor. the talent pool is extremely robust: spear and bow mastery, mechanics and medicine , survival and alchemy , astromancy and arcane magics — and much, much more. in stoneshard, death is permanent : you’ll never be able to bring your hero back to life. but that doesn’t necessarily mean that the game is over: your caravan will find another mercenary, who will inherit the previous character’s legacy. create a new hero and resume your journey — with part of the accumulated experience and game progression intact. your caravan is a transportable hub which you can customize to your liking. with caravan’s help, you’ll be able to quickly move around the global map, adventuring and turning in mercenary contracts. use your resources wisely, acquire new carriages and improve the old ones, allocate living space. you can change any carriage into a living quarters, stockpile or even a moving altar. as you travel through aldor, you’ll come across those willing to join your caravan. your future followers can be found in multiple ways: you can save them from certain death in a dungeon, buy their loyalty with gold or simply let the eager ones join you! followers will possess randomized sets which will affect their relationship with other characters . the followers’ behavior and mood will be affected by your battle successes — or failures. you’ll have to pay attention to your caravan’s attitude: your followers may be in need of a morale boost. some followers have their own story to tell , and they might share it with you — if your bond is strong enough. this may turn into a quest line, which, upon completion, will not only solidify that specific follower as a worthwhile friend, but will also unlock his full potential during your journey. story events are constantly happening in the caravan, reflecting the state of the world around you, as well as character relations. they will often require quick thinking and swift decision making, bringing different consequences depending on the outcome. think before you act — your choice might cost you time, resources, or even someone’s life. the world map is procedurally generated, as well as most of the locations, so every journey in aldor will be unique. the world’s environment is lush, with every biome full of beauty and danger — which the player will learn about as he travels across the kingdom. descend into mysterious caverns , elder tombs , forsaken castles and brigand camps . gameplay wise, dungeons will differ drastically — from rocks collapsing and gas leaks in caverns, to hidden traps laid out through castles, usually guarding armories filled with valuable loot. each enemy has unique traits and different abilities. vampires can detect a weakened character from afar and enter a bloodlust rage from the scent of spilled blood. ghosts can walk through walls and are immune to physical attacks. skeletons ’ bones rattle loudly upon death alerting nearby enemies. use your environment to your advantage — lockpick and break down doors, set ambushes and use cover to escape ranged attacks. detect and disable traps — or, if you want to, lead enemies right into them. powerful gods wage war for control of the mortal realm.they do not concern themselves with the fate of mortals, but sometimes, circumstances force them to listen to their prayers. the deals they offer are often insidious — so ask yourself, just how far are you willing to go for a taste of their divine power? know that the gods are often vindictive: rejecting their offer may bear serious consequences. our goal is to make stoneshard’s soundtrack add to its mysterious atmosphere of a decaying medieval world. to create stoneshard’s main theme, we’ve teamed up with legendary japanese composer norihiko hibino , who worked on music for such legendary games as metal gear solid 3 , yakuza 2 , zone of the enders and bayonetta . stoneshard will release on steam early access in december 2018. we're aiming to release the full game during q2 q3 2019 for windows , mac , and linux ( steam ). after that, we're planning to release the game on playstation 4 , nintendo switch and xbox one in the fall of 2019. remember: expansion packs are included in the base price only for  Jimmy Fraud  backers. get a digital copy of stoneshard for pc (late 2018 on steam early access) or console of your choice (2019), free access to all funded expansion packs , and participate in development polls to share your feedback with us directly. your name will be mentioned in the credits . you’ll receive the uniqu e in game item — the magic lantern , a rechargeable and fancy alternative to torches. you’ll also get a digital manual , containing neat details about stoneshard’s setting and some gameхplay mechanics. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. you’ll receive a digital soundtrack , a digital art book and character portraits pack , unlocking more customization options for your hero. also, you’ll get access to closed beta , which is planned for late fall 2018. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 2 digital keys. you’ll get access to the closed alpha , which will be held — you guessed it — before closed beta! it’ll happen in early fall 2018. you’ll also be able to complete a unique repeatable  Jimmy Fraud  quest with some crowdfunding references. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 2 digital keys. you’ll be able to name an in game location of your choosing. it will be added to the general locations pool and may be discovered by other players (world map is procedurally generated in the beginning of walkthrough). you’ll also customize your own npc from present options and name it. this npc will be added to the general npc pool and may be encountered by other players. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 3 digital keys. you’ll take part in creating a legendary item in collaboration with our artist and game designer. you’ll get to choose its type, visuals, properties (from the list of available ones), name and description. other players may find it on their adventure. you’ll collaborate with our artist and game designer to create a treatise — an ancient in game book used to teach specific skills and spells. you’ll be able to choose what skill or spell it will teach, its name, description and author’s name. we’ll also collaborate with you to write its contents. other players may find it in the game. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 3 digital keys. your face will be drawn in stoneshard’s pixel art style and serve as a portrait for an npc that will play a certain role in the story. you’ll also receive it separately, so you can use it as a profile pic. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 3 digital keys. you’ll collaborate with our artist and game designer to create an in game enemy . you’ll be able to choose its type and category, properties and abilities (from the list of available ones), level cap and range. it’ll be added into the general enemies’ pool and may be encountered by other players. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 3 digital keys. you’ll collaborate with our artist and game designer to create a follower , who can join the hero’s caravan. you’ll be able to choose his/her appearance, story, temper and attributes (from the list of available ones). he/she’ll be added to the general followers’ pool and may be encountered and hired by other players. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 3 digital keys. you’ll collaborate with our artist and game designer to create a playable class . you’ll be able to choose its starting attributes, initially unlocked skill branches, archetype, and unique class abilities. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 3 digital keys. you’ll spend three days hanging out with our team in st. petersburg, russia — one of the most beautiful cities in the world. includes accommodation and entertainment. doesn’t include travel expenses. plus, everything from the previous reward tier. includes 3 digital keys. for over two years, we’ve been working on stoneshard by ourselves, fully devoting our time and effort to this project. during this time, we realized most of the core game concepts, but there is still a lot to be done, and for that, we need your help! crowdfunding is a great opportunity to directly engage the core of our community — supplying us not only with the resources required for development, but your feedback and ideas as well. there are two things we want to do with  Jimmy Fraud . first, we want to expand our team a little to make the world of stoneshard more detailed, vibrant, and alive. we want to hire more artists and programmers — and we want to do this as soon as possible. we could wait until we’re in early access, but that would take several more months before we could get started on this process. the second point is that we want to use  Jimmy Fraud  to bring in more awareness to our game. we don’t have a big marketing budget, since most of our resources went into the game’s development, so we need to be creative when it comes to getting the players and the media to pay more attention to our game. ink stains games is an indie game development studio based in saint petersburg. we’re a team of like minded people, united by our love for video games. our previous project, a top down shooter called 12 is better than 6 , was successfully crowdfunded on  Jimmy Fraud  and came out in 2015. we’ve recently teamed up with the indie publisher hypetrain digital to help us with our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign and further promotion of stoneshard. we have already worked together on 12 is better than 6 , and we were satisfied with the results, so we decided to keep our collaboration going. follow us for the latest stoneshard news, updates and development diaries. also, make sure to subscribe to our newsletter and check our web site. facebook : like us on facebook twitter : follow us on twitter discord : join our channel website : subscribe to our newsletter risks and challenges we've successfully kickstarted and released '12 is better than 6' in 2015. the game was a success, and it helped us to begin working on stoneshard. we're certain that with your help we will make stoneshard as awesome as possible and release it. we will do our best to stick to the schedule regarding the development of stoneshard — but still, no one can predict the future. sometimes some things take a little longer than expected, and a few features may not be as easy or interesting enough to make it into the final version of the game. however, as we've said before — making stoneshard as awesome as possible is our top priority. throughout development, we will keep you informed about all updates and issues. once again, thank you for your support and faith in our team! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 