need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 official neon movie poster official neon website all official artwork accredited to william mccraw neon is a short action film conceptualised for the purpose of building a unique and adrenaline pumping world. set on the streets beneath the skyscrapers of hong kong, neon intends to take full advantage of the city's gorgeous natural landscape whilst also stamping its own identity on the scenery. thematically, the movie hopes to communicate a strong sense of multiculturalism (hence the expat backdrop of hong kong) in addition to shining a subtle light on the notion of correctly appropriating resources. biolight studios is an australian independent film production company based in melbourne. we are a compilation of various film enthusiasts with a wealth of crewing experience. our goal is to develop and produce high quality narrative pieces for all of you to enjoy. neon is acting as our tentpole project for 2017 and all of us are 100% committed to getting it up off the ground. the project is scheduled to be shot throughout june and july of 2017 with the intention of releasing it this coming september. map of travels neon takes place in a dark, fictional city called "hongkoria". a world that has been overrun and terrorised by motorbike gangs: all of which have been segregated by race. in the poverty stricken world of hongkoria a gang's status is usually established by the resource that they hold a monopoly on. the two biggest factions consist of the neon gang and the crown who respectively control power and petrol. a flare shoots across the hongkoria skyline within the lightless city of hongkoria an unsettling new age has dawned over its denizens. in mid 1997 tensions between the different motorcycling gangs that rule the city have reached boiling point. the neon gang has defeated hongkoria's most dominant force known as the crown. this is where our story begins, a straggling survivor from the crown flees through the infamous neon territory. however, hunting him is none other than the scourge of hongkoria himself: the neon dragon: a twisted and sadistic figure that currently helms the chinese gang. the hostage vs. the neon dragon with only a flare gun on hand, our hostage to be shoots off a signal for help. before the last remnants of his home faction can ride out and rally to his aid, a mysterious rogue rider burns after them in hot pursuit. the rider answers the hostage's call for help has this stranger overlooked the city's racist climate in the face of a life or death plea? or has he got an ulterior motive for chasing down the neon dragon? remember, it's not as if the neon gang's monopoly on electricity has ever been met with widespread enthusiasm... wing zhiyuan    a.k.a "the neon dragon" wing zhiyuan the current leader of the neon gang. he is a zealous tyrant who rules through fear and intimidation. although he is obviously disdained throughout hongkoria (and even to an extent within his own faction) he is massively popular amongst his supporters for establishing the neon gang's dominant status. the rider the rider an enigmatic and lonesome force to be reckoned with. the rider appears in the deadness of night without warning, he rides after wing and his crew with an unwavering determination. what he wants with the hostage is unclear… but one thing certainly is   this guy is not affiliated with the crown. the hostage the hostage the sole survivor from wing's purge of the crown. stripped down to nothing but his pair of union jack underwear, he falls victim to the neon dragon's fist and becomes the catalyst for our story. the dragon's guard the dragon's guard the neon gang's leader has always been accompanied by a corps of three extremely loyal bodyguard riders: all of whom would be expected to give their lives up for their leader's cause. the current body consists of riders "chanming", "dai" and "fang", who all offer up their own unique talents for wing's protection. the crowned the 5th crowned the infamous leader of the crown. a powerhouse figure who usually embodies the gang's time honoured traditions and values. to this date there have only been five crown members who have ever been "crowned". the neon gang the neon gang the chinese motorcycling gang of hongkoria. widely perceived as the most religious of hongkoria's factions, they have typically been ruled with strong traditional values. the neons' abundance of light, hongkoria's now scarcest resource, has helped catapult them into a position of power above the city's other inhabitants. a position the neon dragon is heavily abusing. the crown the crown the crown represent the british nationals of city. once hailed as the kings of hongkoria, their primary motorcycling force has since been obliterated by the neons. despite that, they retain their rank as the second largest accumulated body in the city. on the verge of losing a longstanding war with the neon gang, their majority ownership of petrol has at the very least prevented them from fading away into complete obscurity. the voyageurs the voyageurs the voyageurs make up the french motorcycling gang, the freedom fighters of hongkoria. they currently are the third largest assemblage within the city. however, due to their non confrontational lifestyle they are amongst the most isolated of the camps, keeping mainly to themselves whenever possible. they hence deal in the acquirement of more luxurious goods, used primarily for their own purposes. the gesellens the gesellens the gesellens represent the german nationals of hongkoria. they are one of hongkoria's many smaller factions. nevertheless, they have inflamed their reputation through their exemplary strength. much like the ronins have maintained relevancy through their history, the gesellens have often combatted their dwindling numbers by offering protection to other smaller groups. the ronin the ronin the ronin represent the japanese nationals of hongkoria. they are a gang that enforces and holds extremely traditional values. the ronins' look is inspired by the old japanese samurais of legend, this is served as a reminder of a time when the ronin were temporarily in control of hongkoria. however, over the many decades past they now specialise in the attainment of miscellaneous goods used to survive in their harsh, current day climate. the purity playlist album cover check out michael davis's extended playlist titled "purity". featuring four polished tracks that encapsulate the overall vibe of neon. click play and take a 15 minute ride through the streets of hongkoria. the music to every film is fundamental. creating a sound that not only encapsulates the atmosphere of your movie but also helps to communicate emotions at particular points of the narrative is our idea of an ideal soundtrack. zac corrie and thomas cross combine to make up the out of this worldly michael davis duo, whom we have been working with closely to develop a unique sound for the project. we are striving to achieve a synthetic sounding tune that is resonant of the late 90's. however, simultaneously we are working hard to maintain the dark and fast paced feel of hongkoria. michael davis have consistently blown our expectations out of the water with the content they are producing, as is evident with every piece of music used in our videos. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 check out michael davis's album 'do you believe' (2016): album links web: http://www.michaeldavismakesgoodshit.com/ soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/michaeldavisisreal donald mak   wing chun sifu wing chun is a specific form of martial arts that deals with close quarter combat. it is primarily used as a means of self defence and is an approach that has been dated back as early as the 1800s. it has been popularised in film through classics such as ip man and enter the dragon . for the extended martial arts sequence that features in neon, wing chun is the fighting style that we have given preference to. this led to the recruitment of donald mak   a wing chun sifu based out of hong kong. mr. mak is an extraordinarily talented martial artist as well as an exceptional instructor. he will not only be embodying the abominable leader of the neon gang throughout the movie, but mr. mak will also be heavily involved in the choreography of the aforementioned martial arts sequence. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 meet the unbelievable team behind the project! each member of neon's crew has devoted an unimaginable amount of time and effort into bringing this film to life. the term "passion project" no longer summarises exactly how important and close to our hearts this project is. each individual listed below is 110% dedicated to realising this concept in the most entertaining and attractive way possible. crew list concept art by william mccraw motorcycle test footage: you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 neon: radiant claim details the events leading up to neon. the comic book prequel takes place exclusively in neon territory amidst the downfall of the crown! comic book illustrated by william mccraw. pages 1/2 pages 3/4 pages 5/6 page 7 pages 8/9 link to neon: radiant claim (pages 1   9) provides a wonderful platform that can be used to catapult lesser known concepts directly into the public eye. in addition to that, its all or nothing business model not only ensures maximum security for the backers but also reflects the overall attitude we have all approached this project with. we strongly feel that although neon is obviously a very high concept product, it is ultimately one that would appeal to the masses. therefore we want to give ourselves the best chance of being noticed by you! , due to its immense success and viral nature, provides us with the opportunity to connect with our target audience on that international scale. on top of all that, the notion of rewards greatly interests our team as we are making this film for all of you to consume and enjoy. so in our books, the more we can do for you, the better. the mere fact we can start giving back to you as early as possible is only a good thing! in collaboration with the fantastic clothing brand cool shirtz the neon team brings you a wide spread of amazing rewards. take your pick from a selection of merchandise, promotional material and digital content available on our rewards list. for every little bit that you give us, we want to be absolutely sure that we are giving you something back! official neon long sleeved t shirt neon blu ray neon tote bag neon black cap neon screenplay as all of you who have read this far down our page already know, making a movie is expensive. travelling overseas and filming in (what is for the most part) a foreign country only adds to the financial stress of that matter. but that's okay! it's not about the money remember! it's about producing a top bracket piece of film for all of you to enjoy... multiple times. however, we understand that yee faithful backers want to know exactly where your funds are being allocated to. the chart below details the four key areas of our production that require the most strengthening. this is where the money that we earn from will be distributed to. budget allocation there are inherent risks with film making. not everything goes according to plan all the time. roadblocks and delays are to be expected. but what we can provide in the face of that is a high level of communication. every problem or breakthrough we encounter   negative or positive   you guys will be the first to know about it. neon is a big idea. but we have bigger ones in store... stay tuned for updates on our stretch goals that highlight potentially how high we can build this concept up if we smash our current targets! last but not least , thank you for taking the time to read through our page. up until now, neon has been a tremendous team effort and it's that exact mentality that will continue to carry us forward. every wee bit of support is appreciated more than you will know. join us on our journey, let's make something special together! instagram facebook website risks and challenges all 'risks and challenges' detailed above. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 