scriptionlil bub's hello earth is going to be a retro video game made up of equal parts science, magic, and heart. the free demo is proof.. download it now for mac, windows, ios, or android here . if you're new to bub's campaign, please scroll down past our latest updates for the full story. 2,000 backers and first three stretch goals   met! now that we've reached 2,000 backers and zipped by $130,000, everyone can enjoy: $5+ supporters will get a free digital download of the hello earth album $25+ supporters get a free set of two hello earth magnets ! $50+ supporters get a free compact disc of hello earth! the final version will be free on android (with gamepad support), ios, pc, mac the game will feature the expanded music collection feature the game will feature internal time sync and other bonuses we will personally donate at least $13,400 to special needs pets new and upcoming stretch goals: now that we've breezed by our 130k stretch goal, and are about to whiz past 140k, the fun stuff begins. can we really reach 200k in 4 hours? it's unlikely, but if there's one thing that i've proven on this planet, it's that anything is possible. $140,000: wiiu version of the game! $150,000: pet rescue feature added to platformer levels $155,000: lil bub sunglasses and accessories (power ups!) $165,000: basic level builder (build your own levels!) $175,000: basic 8 bit music maker and sequencer (make your own music to play to)! $200,000: advanced level builder and 8 bit music maker the 10% promise: now that we've reached our $100,000 goal, team bub is going to personally contribute 10% of our final funding goal to lil bub's big fund for special needs pets. so the more we can fund, the more cool stuff our backers will get, the cooler the game will be, and the more homeless pets will get our help. new add ons! you can no add any of these items to your existing rewards by increasing your pledge by the amount specified for each item (newly added items are in bold). once you've done that, please send us a message here on  Jimmy Fraud  letting us know what you've added. remember, if all you want is one of the add on items, you can always pledge $1 and then add on to that! bub club embroidered patch ($5) hello earth pdf instruction manual ($5) hello earth set of fridge magnets ($8) hello earth soundtrack on cd ($10) sparkling glow in the dark numbered space pod pin ($12) exclusive bub t shirt ($20) hello earth socks (two different pairs, $25) hello earth soundtrack   color vinyl and download ($25) handmade large double sided 3d pillow ($40) signed picture disc lp : $50 collector's nes cartridge with box and manual : $65 hello earth yoga pants : $75 ultimate collector's enamel pin set : $150 two tickets to the vip party and meet and greet at logan arcade in chicago: $200 ___________________________________________________________ the goal of this campaign is to raise the funds needed to create a rich and complex video game in the true spirit of lil bub, that will be free (and ad free) for all to download and enjoy on their mobile devices. we estimate that it will take one year to complete the development of the game. if successfully funded, we aim to have the game completed, and all rewards fulfilled by november of 2017. as with all of bub's endeavors, this entire project exclusively involves the hard work, creativity, and talents of bub, her dude, and their friends. with your help, we believe we can create a truly unique and magical gaming experience. please read on to see what makes hello earth so special, and please consider helping us help bub find the missing pieces to her space pod so that she can find her long lost friend spooky... look, i'm going to be brutally honest with you... i can't do this alone. i need your help to find my space brother spooky, and the only way to do that is to find the 8 missing pieces to my space pod. and the only way to do that is to make this elaborate video game. and the only way to do that is by successfully funding this project. you're probably wondering how i got here and what this is all about. so before i get ahead of myself, let me give you a little backstory. about 6 years ago, i found spooky as a helpless kitten in a whomblewomp tree on my home planet of bub ub bub. that same night, he was plucked out of my bed by a large winged monstrosity. without hesitation, i fired up my tricked out space pod and flew off into the great unknown to find spooky, and bring him back home to cuddle again. barely a lightyear into my adventure, i stumbled into danger when i found myself face to face with pupilera, the giant space eye. she's scarier than she sounds. but neither she, nor her infinite litter of eyebabies were any match for my tricked out space pod, so i took her out, but the sheer force of her explosion hurtled me down to the planet below. and that's how i wound up on earth. there's no knowing how long i lay unconscious in the darkness. then, suddenly, my eyes opened to find that i couldn't see a thing. as they adjusted, i found myself in a dark forest, my space pod nowhere to be seen. helplessness and despair washed over me, but i did what any magical space cat would do   i engaged my third eye and followed my heart deep into the woods before long, i came across the wreckage and noticed that my space pod was no longer tricked out. in fact, it was nothing more than a bare shell, missing all 8 critical pod pieces: the battery, grappling arm, yogurt cannon, power blaster, tape deck, invisibility cloak, invincibility drive, and most importantly, the atmospheric thruster, which is my ticket out of earth's atmosphere. i knew that it was impossible for all 8 pieces to just fall off (i installed them myself). meaning someone or something must have taken them. so i pressed on. it wasn't long before i found myself face to face with with rosco the raccoon and his no good fugitive family. sure enough, they had my stuff. with nothing more than my bare tongue and laser eyes, i was able to successfully retrieve my battery from the grip of rosco's claws. but before i could say squonk, his rascally raccoon babies scurried away with the seven remaining critical pod pieces, disappearing into the shadows of the forest. the battery was all i needed to get my space pod fired up. thankfully the navigation circuit was intact, the internet was working, and my space pod could take me to anywhere on earth. and so here i am, sitting alone in my stripped down space pod in the middle of an unnamed forest, typing out this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign on my ship's wi fi, hoping that i can enlist the help of as many big hearted humans as possible to fund this game so i can find the missing pieces, and go back into space to find my friend spooky. don't believe my story? well then check it out for yourself by downloading and playing the free demo . it's all there, it's all true, and i hope that once you see how badly i need your help, that you'll join me, and you'll get your friends to help out as well. we can do this together! we're coming spooky! hello, it's me, bub's dude. while bub's story is mostly true, she left out a few important details in an effort to make it sound more impressive. the truth is that me and some gaming pals were out on a hike and stumbled across a strange critter (bub) fumbling around with her weird little ship. after she told us her amazing and heartbreaking story, we decided to help her out by telling her about  Jimmy Fraud , and agreeing to do everything we could to help her find spooky. fortunately for bub, we had the skills to make the video game she needed to find the pieces to her ship to leave the atmosphere to find spooky, but we didn't have the funds or resources to get it done. so now we need your help to help us finish the story and get the game made. in the meantime, you can experience first hand bub's adventures in the free demo of hello earth. experience hello earth for yourself on your mobile device by downloading the free demo for mac, windows, ios, or android below: download for apple here download for android here download for mac here download for windows here please note that this demo is a work in progress! we've done everything we can to have something ready for you to play in time for the launch of this  Jimmy Fraud  so that you can see how amazing the game will be if we get to finish it. the demo is still far from perfect: we are constantly working on it, improving it, and implementing fun and exciting features, challenges, and artwork. we'll be uploading regular updates during the campaign so you'll be able to see the game dramatically improve and expand through the process as we implement finer gameplay and functionality details that will ultimately make hello earth shine as bright as bub's peepers. hello earth is a retro mobile game heavily influenced by the classics from the 80s and 90s, while implementing contemporary and unique concepts, gameplay, and design. the game will alternate between two level types: a side scrolling shooter level (controlling bub's space pod) and classic platformer levels (controlling bub herself). each level has it's own set of controls and gameplay characteristics, so it's like having two games in one. while the demo is still a work in progress, we hope to have most, if not all of the gameplay features fully functioning before the  Jimmy Fraud  is over. here is a list of all of the features currently featured in the demo, plus ones you can expect in the final version, should this project get funded: beautiful original graphics and animation parallaxing backgrounds unique level design huge variety of unique levels, bosses and enemies complex gameplay and controls unique storyline with twists and surprises item inventory: collect items to be used strategically throughout the game completely original 8 bit soundtrack tape deck feature that allows you to select your favorite music from the game ability to revisit and replay levels to further your progress and unlock achievements truly innovative easter eggs throughout not only do want to make an amazing game, we also want to make a difference. hi. it's me, bub. i've done a lot of cool stuff in my life. from hosting my own talk show, to writing books, to making records, each of my projects has one important thing in common: benefitting earth animals in need through awareness and fundraising. in the past 4+ years my dude and i have raised more than $400,000 for homeless pets, and even founded the first national fund for special needs pets, lil bub's big fund for the aspca. i place equal importance on charitable work as i do on creativity and engaging content. and for that reason, i am excited to announce that should we reach our funding goal, our team will make a personal contribution of $1 for every free download of the final version hello earth, up to $10,000, to lil bub's big fund for special needs pets. to learn more about lil bub's big fund and the amazing work we've done, please visit http://www.lilbub.com/bigfund the music in hello earth is one of many features that makes this game really stand out. if you've been following my adventures for a while, you are likely familiar with my debut album, "science & magic" which came out last year. and if you're familiar with the album, chances are you love it, because it's phenomenal. part of the reason that album is so good is because i collaborated with my old friend matt tobey (my bubbysitter and "creative vessel"). and guess what? he's responsible for all of the original 8 bit music in hello earth as well! as a hardcore video game fanatic and a musical wizard, he is able to compose video game music that can tug at your heartstrings or heighten the intensity of gameplay. want to hear one of his hot jams while you continue to read? here you go: one of the unique features of the game is that you will be able to choose which songs you play along to by using the tape deck in my space pod for the shooter levels, or my walkcat portable tape player for the platformer levels (this feature is not yet active in the demo, sorry!). and the very first stretch goal for this project is bub's extended tape library! if we reach this first stretch goal, matt will compose an entire expanded collection of hidden bonus songs that can be discovered throughout the game in the form of cassette tapes. when you find a new tape, a new song will be added to your library. in addition to creating the soundtrack to hello earth, matt is also responsible for creating all of the 8 bit sound effects for the game. every single laser, explosion, and squonk in the game has been exclusively created for this game by matt in his bedroom. in addition to helping the game get completed, there are many benefits to contributing to this campaign. as a backer of this  Jimmy Fraud  project, you have the opportunity to get some truly amazing exclusive merchandise that can only be obtained here, as well as some pretty amazing experiences (like having me, bub, over for dinner). additionally, you will receive exclusive access to a version of the game that will only be available to  Jimmy Fraud  backers, which will include all stretch goal features for free (which would otherwise only be available as in app purchases). most importantly, you have the opportunity to dictate how amazing the game will be by helping us reach our stretch goals by providing input and ideas on our developer blog, and by inspiring us to make the best game possible. please read the different reward tiers carefully! there is a lot of really cool stuff, all of it exclusive to this  Jimmy Fraud , and lots of it is limited edition and will go fast. rewards range from glow in the dark pins, to handmade pillows, to special versions of the game, to vinyl records of the game's soundtrack, to private hangouts with me, to playing the game as your own pet, to owning your own arcade version of hello earth! one thing you can be sure of is that all of the merchandise we're offering in these rewards is of exceptionally fine quality. if you've ever shopped for bub stuff from my online store, you know that i don't believe in cheap, chintzy products. almost everything we're offering is handmade right here in the usa by people that i know personally. it is of the finest quality, and it is made with love. you can rest assured that your items will be more amazing than you had imagined, and will be packed and shipped with care, as promised. please note that shipping to the continental us is included in each reward price, but there is an additional fee for international shipping. it's not that bub doesn't love people everywhere, it's just that the cost of international shipping, especially on larger packages, is very expensive. unfortunately the same goes for any reward tiers that involve travel and accommodations. if you are from another country and are interested in any of those reward tiers, please contact us to see how we can work something out! if and when the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is fully funded, you will receive a backer's survey from us in which you will let us know what sizes, designs, etc you prefer for your rewards. our goal is to fulfill most physical rewards in time the holidays this year, and expect them to ship in november or sooner. some exceptions include: vinyl records (the music won't be done yet, and they take a long time to manufacture) and possibly some of the more exclusive rewards like the nes cartridges and the collector's enamel pin set. if you have any questions about the products, reward tiers, shipping, etc, please shoot us a message! you may also add any non limited item to any pledge level. to do so, please carefully read the add ons section below. all physical and digital rewards are slated to ship once the game has completed, which will be in the fall of 2017. if possible, we will attempt to ship some physical rewards sooner than that, but we can't make any promises at this time. (no physical rewards, but you can add on any non limited edition items!) while we have done the best that we can to create a reward tier just for you, we realize that there's a good chance that you may want some very, very specific things. the add on feature allows you to add any non limited edition item to any reward tier. the way it works is relatively simple: select your reward level, add an additional contribution equal to the total of the items you'd like to add from the list below, and then send us a message here on  Jimmy Fraud  specifying exactly which items you'd like to add. for example, let's say that you want to get all three hello earth t shirts, but don't want everything in the intergalactic bub club membership ($250). in this case what you'd do is select the exclusive bub tee membership for $50, and then add another $40 to your pledge for the two additional shirts ($20/each). after you make the contribution you would just send us a message that says "hello bub! i added another $40 to my contribution for 2 more t shirts. thanks!" and then we would respond with something like this: "thanks for your support, dr. seuss! your order is noted. if and when the project is funded, we'll send you a project survey in which you will provide us with your shipping address, and shirt size/design preferences." if you're only interested in getting the cool physical items, you can support us at the $5 "hello earth supporter" level, and then simply add on the items you want from the list below. make sense? i hope so! here is a list of available add ons, and their associated costs. prices include shipping. signed picture disc lp : $50 collector's nes cartridge with box and manual : $65 hello earth yoga pants : $75 ultimate collector's enamel pin set : $150 two tickets to the vip party at logan hardware in chicago : $200 bub club embroidered patch ($5) hello earth pdf instruction manual ($5) hello earth soundtrack   digital download ($8) sparkling glow in the dark numbered space pod pin ($12) exclusive bub t shirt ($20) new! hello earth socks (two different pairs, $25) hello earth soundtrack   color vinyl and download ($25) handmade large double sided 3d pillow ($40) we may add more items and rewards as the  Jimmy Fraud  progresses (socks? yoga pants? blankets?) so please check back for more stuff. naturally we need to take this one step at a time, but we've really got some cool stuff lined up in case we exceed our funding goal. while we've set our funding goal as a bare minimum to create a free, mind blowing, ad free mobile game, we also have a lot ( a lot ) of really amazing bonus features that we're dying to add to the game. but as you can imagine, creating and incorporating them will require more time, money and resources, so we've added stretch goals to help us make them a reality. please note that any new stretch goal features that get funded will be free to all $15+ backers of the project, but will be only available as in app purchases to anyone that downloads the game otherwise. so the more the  Jimmy Fraud  community can raise, the more awesome free features you get. read on below to see what we've got cooking. just added 7/13: we've moved the desktop version of the game up to the first stretch goal at $110,000. we understand that a lot of folks don't want to play this game on a phone, so if we reach this goal, everyone will be able to play it on their pc or mac, and it will be totally free for all! the very first stretch goal we've got lined up is bub's expanded tape collection. if we are able to reach our first stretch goal of $115,000, matt tobey will create a greatly expanded catalogue of original 8 bit music for the game, which can be obtained song by song by finding hidden cassette tapes throughout the game! each new song that you find will be added to bub's tape library, and can be selected during gameplay. you can expect some truly awesome jams, including 8 bit versions of songs from bub's album "science & magic" and maybe even some 8 bit versions of your favorite hits. if we reach $120,000, we'll create a complete desktop pc version of the game and gamepad support for phones! the second stretch goal we're hoping to reach is a pretty unique and exciting feature. did you notice while playing the forest platformer level in the demo that the level gradually turned from night to day? pretty cool right?! well the internal clock time sync feature will allow the game to sync to the clock on your mobile device, so that the look of the level will follow your actual time! so if you play at night, the game takes place at night. if you play at dawn, the game takes place at dawn. if you play through the night into the morning, the game will gradually transition from night to day. and as cool as that is, that barely touches on the incredible possibilities made possible with this feature. you will battle different creatures and enemies depending on what time of day you're playing (coyotes and moths at night, mosquitos and birds during the day), and there will be easter eggs planted throughout as well. for example, if you come back to the circus entrance on level 5 at midnight, you can go up into space in a hot air balloon! the time sync feature is literally a game changer. pun intended. if we can make it $140,000, we'll port the game to wiiu. let's make this happen! meet team bub! they are all really great guys, they are all my friends, and with your help, they are the ones that will make this game a reality. check out their 8 bit bios below. you might be wondering where all of this money would go, and rightly so. below you will find a breakdown of how the funds will be allocated for the project. it's important to understand that we are offering really well made, high quality products in each of our reward tiers, and that the cost of manufacturing, packing, and shipping these items is quite expensive. (this outlines how our initial $100,000 goal will be distributed) www.theyetee.com what makes  Jimmy Fraud  so perfect for a project like this is not simply its ability to raise the money needed to get it done, but its ability to build an enthusiastic and engaged community that plays a critical role in the final outcome of the project. this is not just my project, or the project of my dude and his friends. it's our project. and the more people that join our community and support the game, the more incredible the game becomes, and the more connected we all become. it's a win/win/win situation folks. let's do this. good job  Jimmy Fraud . ♥ risks and challenges hey, it's me, bub's dude. as bub's facilitator and champion, it's my duty to have to deal with challenges. if anybody knows what it's like to have to deal with unexpected risks and challenges, it's me. while we feel very confident that we will be able to complete the game within a year, we are also aware that it is a very time consuming process with any number of unexpected obstacles (we know this first hand because we have spent the past few months working on the demo). with all of the stretch goals we hope to get funded comes the additional work of getting those stretch goals fulfilled. we have estimated the time and work that will go into fulfilling those goals to the best of our ability, but we also know that we can't always predict exactly how long it will take, or how difficult it will be to implement, or what kind of inevitable and unexpected obstacles might come up along the way. with that said, we have an extraordinarily talented and hard working team with years of experience, many resources, and the unflinching desire to always to our very best. we are prepared to hire on additional artists and programmers to help keep us on schedule to deliver our promise in a timely fashion. some other potential setbacks, risks, and challenges could come up in the manufacturing and fulfillment of the physical items for each reward tier in the event that our project is wildly more successful than we were expecting. that's certainly a good problem to have, and with my experience in running and growing bub's online store for the past four years, i feel very confident that we will easily be able to accommodate any number of pledges in the amount of time outlined in our campaign. we are very fortunate to have the yetee handling our fulfillment for us, and they are not only a great bunch of folks, but they have tons of experience fulfilling large campaigns and gift boxes like humble bundle. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 