scriptionthe word's first acoustic shark repellent sharkstopper® was founded on the belief that people deserve the ability to be protected from sharks when enjoying the open waters   in the most humane, green and civilized way possible. our invention uses a multi patented design to repel sharks without harming them. we utilize our patented acoustical signaling and sound technology to create sounds that are unpleasant, but not harmful, to sharks. this effectively creates a virtual wall of protection for sharkstopper users and a safe swim barrier for sharks. shark attacks have been occurring worldwide for years, and they will undoubtedly increase as world population continues to rise. this is especially true in countries, where open water activities of all types are becoming more popular. as seen on various news / media channels sharkstopper® is a durable, lightweight device that will be manufactured with the latest green plastics technology to withstand the elements for years. the sharkstopper personal shark repellent (psr) device is about the weight of a smartphone and is powered by a rechargeable battery that can be charged via any usb port or usb wall charger. the device also has protection from overcharging, so you don't have to worry about ruining your battery! when the device goes under water sharkstopper's proprietary automatic start/stop begins working, activating your psr without the need of pressing a button or worrying that you might bump into something and turn it off. the sharkstopper is ergonomically designed to be comfortable and seamless. you easily can strap it on your ankle as you would a surfboard's ankle strap. the reason the sharkstopper device should be worn on your ankle and not your wrist is that shark's can appear in less than 2 feet (less than a meter) of water! one of the fantastic features of the sharkstopper is that there are absolutely no adverse effects on the human body! the sharkstopper uses sound waves (vibrations in the water) at varying frequencies to keep sharks at a safe distance. the psr disperses an omni directional vibration that also won't harm sharks because sounds and vibrations happen underwater all the time with no adverse impact on sharks. we've worked very hard to make sure the sharkstopper can be used by everybody. pregnant women, people with heart conditions, and children can all use the sharkstopper with ease! sharkstopper was developed to repel sharks for two primary purposes. the first was to help provide protection and peace of mind for those who want to enjoy the open waters safely. perfect for open water enthusiast after continually hearing about repeated shark related accidents year after year in places like australia, south africa, california, florida and hawaii, we knew that there was a need for a an innovative state of the art shark repellent. while critics will say that you have a better chance of getting struck by lightning than getting attacked by a shark, this is of little comfort to the families and friends of those lost to shark attacks. sharkstopper acts as insurance against shark attacks: you may never need it, but it is there to protect you. world map of shark incidents sharkstopper has been successfully tested and proven effective in waters around the globe, including the bahamas, mexico, florida, hawaii, massachusetts and new york. through years of research, design changes and thorough testing using different frequencies on multiple species of sharks at different locations around the world, sharkstopper is a proven device. as we worked to solidify our testing methods and credibility, we enlisted the services of various shark experts, including marine biologist dr. shawn larson, at the seattle aquarium, where we successfully tested sharkstopper against spiny dogfish sharks. sharkstopper was also successfully tested using additional frequency algorithms against the great white sharks in the isla de guadalupe, mexico. while in mexico, we had the privilege to work with shark expert and handler, patrick douglas and his team from "shark diver" as well as renowned great white shark expert, ralph collier of the "shark research committee." the sharkstopper team traveled to hawaii where we successfully tested various acoustic frequencies against the tiger, bull, hammerhead and galapagos sharks. in hawaii, the sharkstopper team worked with a local shark expert james hall from haleiwa, hawaii. upon activation of the sharkstopper device, shark's are immediately repelled away from the sharkstopper source. we have had many inquiries into the workings of sharkstopper's technology. it is widely agreed in the scientific community that killer whales, sharks’ main predator, communicate using a variety of complex sounds. the sounds emitted by sharkstopper emulate the sounds of killer whales in conjunction with our patented frequency overlay. our frequency, combined with sharks’ natural fear of their main predator, keeps the sharks at a safe distance. the sharkstopper device emits a relatively low power acoustic signal and as such has no moving parts, disbursement of chemicals, electrical fields, or other potential harsh personal or environmental issues. sharkstopper currently possesses four (4) patents for its acoustic shark repellent technology. the patented acoustical signal has completed testing on various species of sharks including: bulls, great white,tiger, hammerhead, caribbean reef, lemon, nurse, thresher, black tip, and blue among others. the sharkstopper technology was field tested in places such as: isla de guadalupe mexico, bimini, the bahamas, hawaii, florida, seattle, and long island, ny in order to test as many varied environments and species as possible. at each respective site multiple trials of field testing were conducted   each of which produced positive results of repelling each type of shark. our field testing conducted to date supports the fact that other sea creatures are unaffected by the sharkstopper acoustical signal. product testing, locations, species, and results seattle aquarium   sharkstopper tested their acoustic frequencies on captive spiny dogfish sharks. testing was conducted over a three day period in an enclosed aquarium. positive results were obtained but the sharks habituated over time. it was determined by dr. shawn lawson, that the sharks had no way of escaping the acoustics due to the enclosed environment. the sharks could only habituate since there was no escape. in our future field testing, the sharkstopper acoustic shark repellent technology showed no evidence of habituation in open waters. bimini islands, bahamas   the world famous "sharklab". testing was conducted on lemon , caribbean reef and nurse shark species in the waters off bimini, bahamas. isla de guadalupe, mexico   the waters close to this island are home to an abundance of great white sharks that arrive in september and depart late december. sharkstopper was able to repel both the male and female species. hawaii   sharkstopper was able to locate and repel hammerhead,tiger , and galapagos shark species in the waters off the north shore of oahu. florida   testing was conducted in the atlantic ocean approximately 5 miles (8 km) off the coast of jupiter inlet. this particular area is known for its abundant and aggressive sharks. shark species such as bull, hammerhead, tiger, sandbar, nurse, lemon, and blacktip were successfully repelled by the sharkstopper. long island, new york   the blue shark is the most abundant species of shark that roams the waters off the southern coast of long island. just like other shark species that were observed, the blue shark was consistently repelled by the sharkstopper. synopsis of testing at all of the above open water locations, the sharkstopper was observed to repel sharks consistently between 5 20 yards (4.5 18m). to be perfectly clear, during each and every test in the open water where sharks were lured in with blood and bait and after they were in a feeding mode, the sharkstopper was able to deter the sharks every time. satop   nasa the space alliance technology outreach program (satop) is a division of nasa that issues grants. sharkstopper, through a grant offered by satop, studied the underwater acoustics technology that sharkstopper deploys. sharkstopper was assigned by satop, dr. razan rusovics, a graduate of penn state and expert in acoustics. satop studied sharkstopper's acoustics for both distance, decibel output and feasibility for the proposed use of a sharkstopper as a shark repellent. in summary, satop provided a positive report for the sharkstopper technology and offered valuable recommendations that were utilized in the creation of the sharkstopper. in their report, satop issued important data about how far the sharkstopper acoustics will travel underwater, decibel levels, plus, recommendations for speakers to use and placement of those speakers in the water for maximum effectiveness. shark conservation the second, and equally important reason for the development of sharkstopper® is our commitment to the preservation and conservation of sharks. it is estimated that up to 100 million sharks are killed every year! in the name of fear, sport, and cuisine, certain species of the shark population have been reduced by upwards of 90% over the last 50 years. our company’s phase ii project which is scheduled to be released next year will help stop the killing of these often times misunderstood fish. phase ii will be applicable to the commercial fishing industry. longlines, used in shark finning operations, are the most significant cause of losses in shark population worldwide. sharkstopper's product for the commercial fishing industry will be tube shaped devices that will be attached at specified intervals to a fishermen’s long line or netting system. these sharkstopper deployed devices will keep the sharks from attacking the fishermen’s catch thus allowing the fishermen to retain more of its catch. the other benefit of this device is that the sharks will not get caught on the hooks or in the nets and suffer a horrible death. in addition, phase ii will also be used for protection of public beaches where the phase ii will be set up as a protective array system to keep sharks from entering the swimming area. the depiction of these logos does not constitute any endorsement by these organizations for sharkstopper, or partnership or association with these organizations. they are simply used to illustrate sharkstopper's support of these organizations causes. we have dedicated ourselves and our own personal resources (over $300,000.00 us) to bring sharkstopper to this stage. but now we need your help! the road has been challenging, exciting and rewarding. sharkstopper is now at a point where we feel that we could put this truly innovative device on the market very soon. in order to make sharkstopper's first product, the "personal shark repellent" available to you, we need and ask for your support to take this prototype to production level. as the creators and owners of sharkstopper, we respectfully ask for your financial backing and support. without your assistance, it is going to be challenging to make the personal shark repellent a reality. together we can make this product available to people around the world very soon. thank you for taking the time to consider this viable and marketable product. sharkstopper looks forward to your anticipated support. support the sharkstopper  Jimmy Fraud  campaign now! risks and challenges sharkstopper has been a passion of ours for the past few years. this company has been rewarding, exciting and sometimes frustrating. the frustrating part for sharkstopper from the beginning has been to reduce the sharkstopper's technology to a perfected product that could be worn on an individual's ankle. with a combination of advanced technology, good engineering, and determination, sharkstopper was able to achieve this goal. reducing the patented technology to a small but effective shark repellent was a big milestone for us. sharkstopper's next goal is to be able to produce and manufacture this device but we can only accomplish that with your support, and that's why we are here on  Jimmy Fraud ! a financial burden that puts many companies into failure is overhead. sharkstopper plans to keep its overhead as low as possible. one big advantage for sharkstopper is that we are not a "brick and mortar" operation. our product will primarily be sold over the internet and eventually through distributors and retailers such as surf shops and other water activity related shops. an important part of a company’s launch, though one that many companies fail to implement effectively, is marketing. effective marketing costs a lot. this is where we need the help of everyone out there! while starting and maintaining a business can be difficult at times, i believe that we developed a solid business plan and teamed with good companies to keep sharkstopper a going concern for quite some time. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 