virtual reality series by james bethea and karim miteff, the creators of nick arcade! fund the vr leg of their television series journey and see the game revealed in a tv special with your name in the credits, plus get a subscription to the rest of season 1, and other rewards! in each enthlevel episode, i t's you versus a huge games collection   tons of legendary titles and some new surprises to t est your skills to the max! against a wave of competition, are you the best overall gamer? rules: several teams   pairs of teens to any age adults, compete in 2 rounds of gaming challenges. there's a prize round and an elimination round. all teams are told that they must face the following challenge categories in each round: domination (high score in current hot console and mobile video games), coordination (mental/hand dexterity in non game puzzles), retro (high score in vintage video games going back to the 90s) and, tech (high score using cutting edge gadgets/peripherals) but, the teams don't know in what order they'll face the categories until each is individually revealed. in the prize round, if your team wins a challenge, you take home cash and an awesome gift. in the elimination round, if your team has the lowest accumulated scores in a category (like domination for example), you're out of the competition. at the end of both rounds, the team with the highest overall score suits up for cinematic virtual reality experiences where live action and cg (computer graphics) obstacles converge! nothing in tv has ever gone to this level. this is the ultimate game! vehicle motion base concept you'll be flying, using magic, controlling robots    imagine cutscenes and boss battles from the best console and pc games. except, there's no console or pc, just you as a contestant team on a special area of our set that's tracking your movements, while you see the game world through portable vr headgear. contestant vr suits just like the tech in your smart phone takes communicating to another level, so does the tech in our "smart set" take our games. along with cutting edge sensors, its rigged with mechanical fx like jet nozzles, moving floors, etc., all tied to the action in real time so that while you're running and trying to win, you don't just see what's going, you feel it! for viewers at home, it'll be like watching efx driven movie sequences in hd except, oh yeah   if you've got a consumer vr headset, you can experience it from virtual camera positions inside the scene! also on tap    special episodes. along with regular contestants drawn from fans like you, how about esports pros stepping into our gaming arena? online gaming celebs? even former contestants of nick arcade! arcade alumn phil moore is back on deck! so is announcer, andrea lively! they're familiar gamer guides through this challenging new terrain. phil can appear inside vr games in cg form this time around, with tips, or maybe to trade something that you need. new abilities, but the same fun guy. alongside the tons of games from existing publishers, we're making a limited set of custom game titles featuring iconic characters in various genres. not only to serve up wildcard challenges that will be new to even the most die hard gamer, but because it's these characters' stories you're being dropped into in vr. instead of our previous creation "mikey" as your avatar, you're their co protagonists, helping to resolve their big dilemmas. and, the actors that the cg characters are modeled from will play these roles in the show, too, so you'll meet them in the flesh. here's a concept image: november zero (genre: futuristic espionage) james bethea (3rd from left) with cast and filmmakers   iron man 2 enthlevel co lead james bethea post nick arcade, james served as network exec in charge of star trek voyager, and appeared as an actor in iron man and iron man 2 . that’s quite a trio of franchises. he said this about his geek life: “i got paid to play video games, watch star trek and be on screen with both ‘rhodeys.’ if this is a dream, don’t wake me up.” a creative and a software programmer, james directed one of arcade's pilots and coded its non linear production and scoring systems, making the series logistically feasible. karim miteff   academy awards arrival ceremony enthlevel co lead karim miteff a tech wizard who made the promise to put kids inside a video game actually come true, karim led nick arcade's virtual reality and custom game design and development, while lias ing with the engineering staff of the production facility. he's co designed and outfitted dozens of hi end graphics and post production facilities since, and created a menagerie of original cg characters that enthlevel will bring to life as competition games. “they weave into a single 18 billion year master timeline with it’s own incredible arc.” broadcast beat studios based in ft. lauderdale, florida, broadcast beat studios is one of our test facility partners for vr as well as special effects and audio visual technology development. the facility's promotional relationship with cutting edge manufacturers lets us test the latest keying, virtual studio, lighting, hd and 4k gear along with our proprietary systems under true broadcast studio conditions. also joining james and karim will be a variety of artists and technicians whose work has touched some of entertainment's most incredible brands. together, they'll set a standard for every fx driven series like enthlevel to follow. we're making the unveiling of our finished vr platform a streaming televised event, just for you   with a special production in the works called the ultimate game. the show will feature interviews, a behind the scenes account of our r&d, well known faces in gaming and the first full reveal of enthlevel tv scale vr. everyone who pledges at the $15 tier or higher will receive a special thanks credit on the streamcast, which will occur in may, 2016. a stretch goal special is planned for a later date, followed by season 1 episodes. your backing here provides an early bird subscription to all of this content. here's some of the cool stuff you'll get by backing us: any backer who pledges $15 or more will get a special thanks credit on the enthlevel ultimate game tv special and pilot! supporters at all levels receive priority audience seating for taping of season 1, when we get to that step. up to a month prior to a taping, you can reserve in advance of the general public. priority seating is on a first come, first serve basis. note: where applicable, video games are currently localized for the us and dvds are us region. virtual pals: available as a download, you'll receive a collection of wallpapers featuring enthlevel concept art and custom game characters. you'll also get a set of ringtones featuring phil moore and andrea lively doing their thing to inspire your gaming and make you smile. and, you'll receive a thank you email from us, and have your name listed on the supporter page of our website. production team: you'll get the virtual pals rewards, plus access to backer only facebook and google+ groups. go inside enthlevel the show and observe the tv process, through our regular posts of production diaries, production meeting videos, surveys and more. special thanks: you'll receive all previous rewards, plus a special thanks credit on the ultimate game special revealing enthlevel's tv scale vr tech, and if the challenge games development stretch goal is met, a credit on the enthlevel pilot. 90s kids: we know many of you may have watched our 90s show as kids, and what cooler way to celebrate that than to offer up some appropriate swag? you get all previous rewards, plus either a fanny pack, slap bracelet, or terry cloth headband with the entlhevel logo. we'll send out a survey when the campaign ends, where you'll specify which you'd like to receive. speaking of the 90s, here's a video that a friend of ours has online at his fan community for classic nick shows. you'll see news reports and behind the scenes footage from our arcade days. full on 90s hair, clothes and all! ah, memories... contestant badge: includes the virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus, if you want to be a contestant on enthlevel, here's an early bird chance. this numbered logo badge puts you on the list that we're going to exhaust first when at the screening stage for contestants. there'll be a number of factors that help determine whether you're ultimately accepted as a contestant and we'll describe this process in detail on our main website ahead of time. but we'll be stepping through here in order, once the time comes. we'll also use this as our go to list for other occasions, like possible special episodes   working the list from back to front sometimes or from the middle maybe, to mix things up. show download: get the virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus downloadable access to the enthlevel presentation reel and, if we meet our television production stretch goal   all episodes of enthlevel season 1 in hd. games download: get the virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus downloadable access to the enthlevel presentation reel plus, downloadable access to a playable demo of the vr test game in a popular vr format, plus, if we meet our challenge games development stretch goal   the other custom video games created for season 1, playable in the format in which they would appear on air   most likely, vr, pc/mac and mobile. the vr marketplace is fast moving and we will try to release the game in the widest available format(s) at the time. an announcement will be made on the vr specs as soon as possible during early r&d. flash drive: you'll receive a versatile mini drive that works with usb ready computers, smartphones and tablets, packed with the ultimate game tv special unveiling enthlevel's finished vr tech. also contains the virtual pals rewards including wallpapers and ringtones, plus the production team rewards and special thanks rewards. features the enthlevel logo and emblem. tee time: receive all virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus one item from 90s kids, plus an enthlevel logo t shirt. we'll send out a backer survey allowing you to specify your 90s kids item when this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign ends. mega download: get all virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus a digital download of the enthlevel presentation reel, plus if the television production or challenge games development stretch goals are met   you'll receive the digital show download, and the digital games download, along with an autographed enthlevel cast photo. mega fans: want all (almost) of the things? you'll get all mega download rewards, plus a commemorative numbered contestant badge that puts you on our contestant pool screening list. signed poster: receive all virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus your choice of 24x36 limited edition posters   either black & white with slogan, or color featuring custom game characters, signed by enthlevel's creators and phil moore. a survey will be sent out after this campaign where you can specify your choice. dvd set: receive all virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus a digital download of the enthlevel presentation reel and if the television production television stretch goal is met, enthlevel season 1 on dvd. the set will include bonus features such as behind the scene interviews, making of footage, game cut scene montages and more. boxed games set: you'll get all virtual pals, production team and special thanks rewards, plus a digital download of the enthlevel presentation reel and if the challenge games development stretch goal is met, the custom games from enthlevel season 1 in as played on tv form for vr, pc and mobile. the game medium (thumb drive, etc.) will arrive in a color illustrated box along with a color game guide. beta testers 1: receive all mega fan rewards, plus join live streaming sessions with producers as they assess existing games from the present back to the 90s for challenge levels. enter our guilds, clans and squads for team play. get shout outs from us during streaming. talk to us through the chat. a schedule of games and their times starting summer, 2015 will be posted for pre registering and you may register for more than one session. beta testers 2: go hands on with our custom game tech in beta form. get all mega fan rewards, plus beta tester 1 rewards, and if the challenge games development stretch goal is met, join producers in office and in studio to help test our custom character based titles and vr games. yep, that means suiting up and trying out the enthlevel challenges before anybody else. we'll schedule several days of testing for the middle and end of the challenge games development time frame. you'll have to furnish your own transportation and accommodations to the testing, which may likely occur in orlando, florida. facetime 1   phil calls you: you'll receive all mega fan rewards, plus get a video or regular phone call from phil moore. spend up to 20 minutes shooting the breeze, asking questions, or just generally getting acquainted with phil in his high energy glory. if you'd to like record the call, let us know in advance the purpose when we confirm the scheduling. though we're extremely grateful to you, phil can't unknowingly endorse any product or service. bookworms: if you're into coffee table or art books, you'll get all mega fan rewards, plus receive an autographed copy of virtual actuality   a detailed chronicle of enthlevel phase 1 featuring unique photos, accounts, sketches and notes from the creators and staff revealing their process. it's the first book in a 3 part series linked to each campaign funding goal documenting the enthlevel project through its major steps toward realization. wall of famers: meet enthlevel's creators. you'll receive all mega fan rewards, plus a vip tour for yourself and up to 3 guests of our r&d and creative facilities in either orlando, florida or los angeles. once there, you'll meet with an enthlevel co creator   karim miteff or james bethea, participate in any ongoing activity, and sign our wall of fame, beside other notable visitors to our offices. you must furnish your own travel and accommodations for the visit. production associate: here's an awesome way to go inside the process of a tv show as an associate of our production staff. you'll receive the mega fan rewards, plus the virtual actuality book, plus your choice of one item from 90s kids, plus a production associate credit on the enthlevel ultimate game special and if we meet the television production stretch goal, on all season 1 episodes. you also get to: vote among our choices on your favorite music, casting or set designs, and attend a show edit session. you'll also receive vip green room access to an enthlevel taping, including lunch or dinner with the cast and staff. you must provide your own travel and accommodations for sessions and to the episode taping, possibly in orlando florida or los angeles. facetime 5   phil games with you at an arcade: have an ultimate arcade experience! you'll get all mega fan rewards, plus phil moore will game with you and up to 20 guests in person at a predetermined arcade gaming location in the continental us. re enact tv moments as phil walks you over to arcade machine challenges, oversees head to head scoring competitions, and more. phil travels to you at no cost and the first round of games is on him. all other extras (food, etc.) are at your expense. co executive producer: you receive the mega fan rewards, plus the virtual actuality book, plus your choice of one item from 90s kids, plus a co executive producer credit on the enthlevel ultimate game special and if we meet the television production stretch goal, on all season 1 episodes. you also may: vote among our choices of your favorite music, casting and set design options, and if we meet the television production stretch goal   attend all episode edit sessions. you'll also receive vip green room access to all enthlevel season 1 tapings, including lunch or dinner with the cast and staff. you must provide your own travel and accommodations for sessions and to the episode tapings, possibly in orlando or los angeles. if we pass our initial $350,000 goal, we'll shift from just vr tech into the next stages of needed games and television production: with the one test game that we've already produced as a template, we'll complete custom game development   making the several more custom console style and vr games needed in various genres so that the episode slots in season 1 are filled with variety. we could then ship our full games download and boxed games rewards, and enhance this campaign with gaming features like: a mobile app    your name or face in a game    you help designing a game element or obstacle    localization for countries around the world. we'd also make another streaming tv special as a pilot for enthlevel the series, showing just what an episode would look like. with all of our season 1 games ready, enthlevel will go into the studio as a television production for season 1. contestants, audiences, cast will come together for taping and editing. we'll ship our full show download and dvd rewards, and can enhance this campaign with features like: you appear as a show extra    as part of a scene filmed with one of our live actor game characters. a vip audience experience    where you can hang out in the cast's green room or play the show's games between episode tapings. you'll notice that it takes a few steps to get to the completed enthlevel tv series. on the way to becoming a product that you can finally watch as full episodes, a major tv program typically progresses through other forms as a sales tool, tweaking its formula and working to attract buyers and distribution partners. these forms include the presentation reel   a conceptual version of an episode, often shorter and mocked up, showing off the series' key elements. further along lives the pilot   a representation of an actual full length episode of the show. you're taking us down this road by backing us, hopefully all the way through the last form, a full produced series, while making these other important products on the way. we're giving them to you as exclusive streaming tv specials with added behind the scenes content, to show the fruits of your support. by the way, there's nothing we'd like more than to stretch all the way to the end right now. and if we make it there, great! you'll know that the overall plan is on track to happen on the shortest schedule possible and that the final product will be season 1 available for download and dvd. in the meantime, with our most r&d intensive phases put to bed earliest, we'll be empowered to look to other means for funding as necessary to ensure you get to see enthlevel, the show. here's how we're spending the money toward our first goal: we estimate that we can complete this first goal   building our vr tech platform and test game   in 9 months, complete our first stretch goal phase   developing custom games   in another 9 months and complete our last stretch goal   taping and airing season 1   in 3 months. if the funding is in place up front, these steps can overlap to bring the total time down closer to a year. 16 months is a good range to expect. so, that's our plan, and it starts with your support. as many of you know through nick arcade, we've successfully done this before. and if you wish there was a gaming showcase like arcade on the air now, then here's your chance to make it happen! risks and challenges all television projects involving development entail risks. if cooperation within the gaming industry stalls, or we encounter some unforeseen technical hurdle, our plans may face delays. however, these same risks were faced when bringing nick arcade to the screen, making us uniquely prepared to manage any concerns. we take your commitment to us incredibly seriously and as you've pledged money, we pledge to act transparently and in good faith. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 