power of parents is a biographical documentary film about susan crowley, a baby girl born extremely premature and how her parents coped with consequences that could devastate a family. this inspirational documentary shows the need for advocates for those who can't speak for themselves. it provides tips for getting through a difficult situation and facing insurmountable odds with grace and dignity. susan's journey is meant to inspire you, to show that you have to take that next step, that next action, that next breath   and that no matter the result, you can learn new ways of coping and even grow stronger. the story: on august 17th, 2014, susan crowley was born at just 24 weeks, considered extremely premature and weighing only one pound. the emotional toll from her birth was tremendous but here were also physical challenges that lay ahead. among the short term complications associated with extreme prematurity, are problems with the baby's:   underdeveloped lungs   heart   brain   gastrointestinal systems   blood   metabolism   immune system possible long term effects include:   cerebral palsy   impaired cognitive skills   vision problems   hearing problems   dental problems   behavioral and psychological problems   chronic health issues some doctors gave susan mere hours to live. her parents, angela and sam, susan’s parents   never gave up. every day, one or the other or both, drove hours to be with susan. they found themselves watching her breathe and desperately hoping she would take just ‘one more breath’. on march 26th, 2015, after 220 days of making daily 60 mile round trips to the hospital, sam and angela finally brought their baby home. but this is just the beginning of the story. a story that needs your help to get finished. angela and susan why we are making this film susan not only needed medical care to survive, but lots of love and prayers. so many babies don't get that. their parents live too far from the hospital, their jobs don't allow them to interact with their babies every day, perhaps their finances are too strained   there are any number of reasons why some children don't, or can't receive the same advantages susan did. what would you do in this situation, or any other life changing circumstance? the most effective therapy for traumatized babies is a physical connection to their parents. however, working out the logistics of how families can be together as much as possible is an extreme challenge for most. this is your chance to help others who may not be as fortunate as baby susan, by sharing her story and providing resources for parents in need. the crowley's personal journey can be used as a blueprint to overcome any adversity by tapping into the innate ability to remain faithful and focused, while funding the right sources. it's about how to manipulate time so that it's on your side, instead of working against you in situations where quick decisions are imperative. as a public television length documentary film, we will use interviews from angela and sam, their friends & family, as well as national policy makers and internationally recognized prenatal experts, who collectively understand the importance of our medical advances and the human touch. a big challenge is going to be sorting through all the taut emotions and recreating the stories sam and angela lived after susan's first breath. however, they believe the message is important enough to put themselves through this additional emotional strain. sam and susan film goals   the tough stuff • finish the film by december 2015. • release to our backers and distribute rewards shortly thereafter. • distribute the film on video on demand, dvd, and blu ray by march 2016. • distribute the film to national public television for susan’s second birthday, august 17, 2016. our goal is to get the film out to our supporters sometime in early 2016. begin showing it in film festivals around the country in the spring, summer and autumn, while having it ready for public television broadcast in october, 2016. we need funding for: 1. production & post production 2. research & archival footage 3.  Jimmy Fraud  fees & rewards 4. equipment updates 5. travel expenses how you can help   be a voice   rally together we want to tell susan’s story in order to be an advocate for those babies in the neonatal icu. to help other parents in similar situations. to provide inspiration and encouragement to anyone experiencing a difficult time and distribute the documentary to a worldwide audience. but we need your help to finish the film. you can help save lives through awareness. this is a chance to actively contribute and become part of our team by offering your financial support. in order for this project to be successful, we ask you to please share this project on as many social media platforms as you can. we urge the use of facebook, twitter, instagram, google +, tumblr, e mails, phone calls, and good old fashioned conversation! however you communicate, please share this project with those you know who care about children, who need help negotiating today's healthcare system, who are struggling to overcome challenges, and anyone else who can benefit from susan's story. budget breakdown what happens next? this is an all or nothing campaign. nothing happens if you do nothing. we believe in this project with all our hearts and souls, and think that there are enough people who will rally with us to reach our goal. the support we received via facebook and other social media sites has been heart warming and kept us going through many dark nights. our first step now first and foremost is getting the full amount of funding on  Jimmy Fraud  to make the project. a big challenge is going to be sorting through all the taut emotions and recreating the stories we lived after susan’s first breath. what happens if we don’t reach our goal if we don't reach our goal, no rewards will be sent, and you will not be charged. you are only charged if we meet, or exceed, our goal. we must reach or exceed our goal, or this film will not be made. what happens if we go over our goal we are asking for the bare minimum we need to finish this film. if we exceed our goal, we will use those funds for additional marketing, to bring this compelling story of hope and love to the widest audience possible. with sufficient funding, we will start the one more breath foundation to help all parents with extremely premature babies as well as others in similar circumstances. there is no shortage of adversities impacting families. baby susan risks and challenges every day since august 17th, 2014, my wife and i have driven to whichever hospital our daughter, susan was in. our commitment to her life is total. our commitment to helping other parents and their babies who go through the same challenges we do, is just as great. yes, we will have challenges moving forward and we will handle them just as we did those we had and still have, with susan... by taking one more step, speaking one more word, be breathing one more breath... learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 