escriptionvisit our website here : www.gaiacodex.com the feminine mysteries long forgotten... an ancient wisdom text revealed...  Jimmy Fraud  update march 27, 2014 we made our $10,000 stretch goal! gratitude and your gift! dear friends, late in the morning on march 27th we made our $10,000 stretch goal! all backers will now receive the gaia codex circles guide a beautiful short form illustrated e book . delivery june of 2014. again thank you so much for helping to make this happen! truly wonderful. such a blessing! *** our final stretch goal $12,500.00 and your additional special gift we are offering a special "final day" stretch goal and gift . if we meet $12,500.00 by march 28th 9am, all our backers will receive our sumptuous gaia codex e book in addition to their other rewards: our sumptuous gaia codex e book. our e book is beautifully laid out with black and white illustrative elements reminiscent of a 19th century manuscript.delivered as a downloadable pdf compatible with i pad and kindle. your gift can be for your personal enjoyment or shared with a friend. if for a friend, just send us their email address and we will send the e book to your friend directly! compliments of us with your name as the generous gifter. delivery: may 2014 *** note: campaign ends march 28th 2014 9am *** our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign funding covers our publishing and pre press costs and will help us to build out our media platform over the next weeks and months so that we can share gaia codex with a larger audience. thank you! as you are inspired... as you are inspired... please feel free to share  gaia codex and our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign with your circles and networks via social media and email over the the final hours of our campaign so we can meet our special stretch goal of $12,500 on march 28 at 9am. thanks so much! please read posted  Jimmy Fraud  update #3 for more info and our gratitude!  Jimmy Fraud  update: march 12th, 2014 dear friends… a note of celebration and gratitude . we have met our initial $5000 goal on day 12 of our 30 day campaign ! deep gratitude to each of you who have so generously contributed. gaia codex will now be published in may 2014 . we are so excited to share this with you... and there is more to come . *** our special bonuses and stretch goals: our new stretch goal is $10,000.00 many of us feel that humanity is at an evolutionary choice point and we must rebalance our relationship to our mother earth and recreate the cultures we live in. gaia, herself, is calling us. our vision is to share gaia codex with as many people as possible over the next weeks, months and year. additional funding helps make this happen by providing the resources to build out our media platform in essence spread the word through our website, social media, traditional media and other channels. please check out our website at www.gaiacodex.com and scroll to the bottom to read more about our expanded vision and enjoy our special bonuses for our  Jimmy Fraud  stretch goals. our special bonuses include:  gaia codex audio book  gaia circles guide  gaia codes mp3 i am honored and excited to be sharing gaia codex with each one of you and i look forward to what we can create together to benefit life. my gratitude and love, sarah .:. about gaia codex: both an ancient ‘found’ wisdom text and a sumptuous epic novel, gaia codex reveals the hidden histories and teachings of a world long forgotten. the novel is a deep exploration into the secret wisdom of women through the millennia. set in a near future of impending societal and environmental collapse, this a tale of hope and remembrance an inspired vision of humanity’s origins and the potential we hold for conscious evolution. read more about gaia codex: http://gaiacodex.com/about/ reviews: to date, gaia codex (as a hand bound and printed manuscript) has been a word of  mouth grassroots phenomena with women passing copies on to women and sharing it with their circles. we have also been fortunate to have key men reading deeply into its pages. sarah drew’s gaia codex bears the ring of truth disguised as fiction…this post apocalyptic tapestry of a tale, woven with lush language…offers the possibility of metamorphosis, the chance for redemption, and the promise of what can happen when we stop harming the natural world and start nourishing it instead. gripping in pace, urgent in its message, and rich with relatable characters, gaia codex transported me to a world so radiant that i was disheartened to come back to reality… i am filled with hope that one day, such fiction might become real life. lissa rankin, md, new york times bestselling author of mind over medicine: scientific proof that you can heal yourself *** gaia codex is truly a terma (a sacred found text) for our times. brilliant. moving. captivating. enchanting. illuminating. fabulous. i laughed, i cried, i was transported into an altered state where every word echoed through my cells and awakened knowings and memories of the ages. the world you have imagined resonated in the very fabric of my being. it is not imagined. it is a dream reawakened. it is ten thousand lifetimes remembered and retold anew. so much came to me in the reading. much insight catalyzed. at times i wept in the deep recognition and the sheer beauty… thank you for this gift. bowing deeply…. it deserves to be distributed widely and adored by many. cynthia jurs activist, teacher, founder of earth treasure vase project and alliance for the earth *** i love this book! gaia codex is a brilliant, timeless history of the divine feminine and provides an empowering map  to better understand where we have come from and where we are going. i believe all ages and inclinations will be fed by your offering. i am grateful for what you have done. it is exquisite. thank you!! kimberly carter gamble director of thrive the movie and ceo, clear compass media *** at this critical time in human history, an essential navigational instrument for our way forward is the renewal of our stories. gaia codex is an exquisite novel transmitted as a long forgotten text and incantation reconnecting us to our living mother planet and feminine wisdom while opening our hearts and minds to different ways of knowing and ancient memories. as you read this wonderful story, you will see it emerges unexpectedly as if from our own dreams, yet spoken through the ages. transformative and beautiful. osprey orielle lake, founder of women’s earth action network and award winning author of “uprisings for the earth” *** sarah, i am fully activated from reading your brilliant, divine, powerful manuscript ~ gaia codex!!! i am blown away…..truly astonished. a blend of avatar, the red tent, and the mists of avalon, it reads like a movie… i feel deeply transformed after reading this book and i feel that any human being that comes in to contact with the gaia codex will be forever changed and fully activated in their truth and power to continue forth on this journey of the great mother. it’s as if you are calling forth all of us that have been asleep…..thank you!!! catherine scherwenka oneness international teacher and deeksha giver *** gaia codex is a deep journey into the past and future to discover how we could live right now. sarah drew reveals not only the beauty of nature, but the better instincts of human nature as key. gaia codex will deepen your love of this living planet and commitment to the great work ahead. randy hayes, founder rainforest action network *** gaia codex is an eloquent gift and guide, an elegant weaving of skillfull storytelling and sacred ancient wisdom teachings in reverence of the divine feminine, humanity’s ultimate potential for intuitive and intelligent action, and to the earth herself, whose survival in its natural state depends on the awakening of the global collective consciousness. christy brown_ yoga.meditation teacher/founder christy brown yoga *** gaia codex is more than just a novel. it is a languorous immersion into a clear, cool stream of consciousness.  a journey into something ancient and protean. ms. drew’s deft prose marries the genomic and supernatural to the indigenous and urban. something revelatory emerges from the chrysalis and by the final chapter, it feels less like a work of fiction and more like a movement. christopher miles, astrologist and energy healer *** from the very first words on, i knew gaia codex was a magickal text written for me, for my heart, and that deeperknowing that resides within all of us. this codex is truly a living book…the wisdom gifted through these codes are a promise straight from the heart of our mama, passed on to each other over aeons. whispered through the wind and the scent of the earth herself. the codes coming to light as a powerful sign of our times and what’s possible right now. nina von feldmann healer, artist, producer of dreamdance global and watersines *** gaia codex is beautifully woven and deeply reminiscent of an ancient wisdom time and space, rekindling the circle of community, prayers of connection with the earth and the return of female empowerment. dr. carla kleefeld, ph.d., lpcc  board member women’s donor network *** reading gaia codex. i experienced waves of laughter and tears as the rich and luscious imagery transported me into a world of magic and creative promise, the journey of this extraordinary book clearly references our current time, revealing the most likely outcome if we continue this path of unconscious management of our resources without regard for the future of our species. gaia codex is a transmission of wisdom, sensory awareness and consciousness for cultivating our relationship to the mother earth. i was unable to put the book down, waiting for moments when i could continue reading. when i finished i was left wanting more. gaia codex i s an important, timeless book that has great wisdom for people of all ages. lynn augstein , dimensional light artist and designer *** a gita for the goddess, gaia codex delivers me into a world i already know as my own, a world that knows itself in the burden and the blessing every woman’s carries. to read it is be wrapped in a fabric of memories my soul has known throughout time, memories i hold in my blood, bone, and breath, memories woven into every love and loss that has touched my life, into the love song i walk with the earth and the more than human world. gaia brings this inner knowing into vibrant, poignant, and holy detail. i believe it can be this for all women, young or old. i believe it can be a bridge for mothers and daughters, teens and elders, sisters and friends, unlocking a deeper communion and purpose than we believed possible. the book as an invitation know ourselves as carriers of the evolutionary impulse of humanity. may it travel to hearts and souls far and wide. samantha sweetwater  founder dancing freedom *** i am filled with immense gratitude for gaia codex. this poetic tale has served as a guide on my path in the most profound and sacred ways. gaia codex is a deep transmission that meets my heart’s deepest desires. the time has come for this story to be shared and spread to many. magalie bonneau marcil social change artist and founder of her rising *** this brings tears to my eyes!!! wow!! gaia codex is a masterpiece, here to be part of a huge shift in consciousness and in the world. it is a key, a transmission, a code to awaken the divine feminine in humanity. it is a deep reflection of so many of us on this planet at this time who are moving into our greater mission. thank you for this gift! elizabeth scherwenka teacher coach oneness america *** read more reviews here: http://gaiacodex.com/reviews/ our funding goal $5000 our funding goal of $5000.00 covers our final copyedit and pre press costs for the publication of gaia codex. our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is a wonderful opportunity for you and your friends to receive our first edition soft covers and illuminated e books . gaia codex softcovers and e books will be delivered to your door and computer by may 2014. plus, stay tuned for the special bonuses we have created for our "push goals" after we meet our $5000 objective. thank you! our rewards: weaving the web $1.00 donation: join in the movement and receive our deep gratitude! thank you! gaia codex digital postcard $5.00 donation: receive our gratitude and a beautiful high resolution digital postcard of the gaia codex first edition cover. our sumptuous gaia codex e book pledge $10.00 receive our sumptuous digital e book publication of gaia codex. our e book is beautifully laid out with black and white illustrative elements reminiscent of a 19th century manuscript.delivered as a downloadable pdf compatible with i pad and kindle. delivery: may 2014 the illuminated gaia codex ebook pledge $18.00 early readers say that gaia codex is an immersion into a sensuous, enchanted world. reminiscent of a turn of the century illustrated story book our illuminated gaia codex ebook features original color illustrations highlighting key scenes as well as as black and white illustrative elements throughout the book. compatible with i pad, kindle downloadable as a pdf. delivery  may 2014 first edition author signed soft cover : pledge $22.00 receive a beautiful first edition soft cover of the gaia codex includes black and white illustrative elements reminiscent of a 19th century manuscript. hand signed by the author. shipping included in the united states. additional shipping fees of $10.00 apply to all shipments outside the continental us. delivery: may 2014 sun and moon package: pledge $33.00 our sun and moon package includes the following items at a discounted package price: one) first edition author signed gaia codex softcover ($22.00 value) one) illuminated gaia codex ebook ($18.00 value) delivered to the destination of your choice. additional shipping fees of $10.00 apply to all shipments outside the continental us. delivery: may 2014 the intimate circle package: pledge $60.00 share gaia codex with your closest friends for a discounted package price plus bonuses. our intimate circle package includes the following: three  author signed first edition softcover copies of gaia codex. ($66.00 value) one  illuminated gaia codex e book ($18.00) value delivered to the destination of your choice. shipping included in the united states to one address. additional shipping fees of $20.00 apply to all shipments outside the continental us. delivery: may 2014 9 muses illuminated e book package: pledge  $150.00 9 beautiful gaia codex illuminated e books for you and your friends for a special package rate plus bonuses. with this package you receive the following. nine) gaia codex illuminated e books ($162.00 value) one) first edition author signed soft cover ($22.00 value) all e books delivered directly to your friends via email. includes shipping for softcover. an additional $10.00 for shipping outside of continental us. delivery: may 2014 a circle of goddesses 9 gaia codex softcovers~plus special bonuses pledge $185.00 share 9 first edition gaia codex softcovers with your friends for a discounted package price plus bonuses. with this package you receive the following: nine  author signed soft cover first edition copies of gaia codex ($198.00 value) one  illuminated gaia codex e book. ($18.00 value) shipping included in the united states to one address. additional shipping fees of $30.00 applies to all shipments outside the continental us. delivery: may 2014 a special private teleconference   plus gaia codex illuminated e books and softcover pledge: $330.00 a gift for you and your circle of sisters. receive a 90 minute private tele conference with author sarah drew. plus 9 illuminated e books ($162 value) and 1 gaia codex softcover ($22.00 ) delivered directly to the women in your circle.these teleconferences are playful, insightful and new every time as we explore the codes and culture of gaia codex.teleconference for up to 30 women. three available delivery: may 2014 a gaia codex collector's edition hand bound illuminated manuscript pledge: $1500.00 (note: this little red book is not the actual book that will be delivered. your gaia codex collector's edition manuscript will be hand crafted for you by a master artisan book binder.) as women read gaia codex, they have been placing the manuscript on their altars and many have been creating beatuiful hand bound versions of the book. in this special offering you will receive one beautiful oversized illuminated handbound collector's edition of the gaia codex created by a master artisan bookbinder. this manuscript features illuminated hand  illustrated pages, a custom binding with decorative elements and comes in its own special custom made altar box. each collector'e edition manuscript is one of a kind and custom made for you. delivery: september 2014 three available: our vision, special bonuses and  Jimmy Fraud  stretch goals: many of us feel that humanity is at an evolutionary choice point and we must rebalance our relationship to our mother earth and recreate the cultures we live in. so many extraordinary individuals are contributing to these changes through media, art, technologies, social enterprises, farming, crafting, activism and deep spiritual practice...to name a few. gaia codex is our offering to the larger movement. it is a recasting of our collective human story and a reclaiming of feminine wisdoms that have been long forgotten. gaia codex is also a doorway for listening to and remembering the deeper wisdoms of gaia, herself, as we plant the seeds that will flower in the hearts of future generations. over the last year we have been deeply fortunate to have gaia codex (as a hand bound and printed manuscript) experience a word of mouth groundswell with women passing it on to women and sharing it with their circles and key men reading deeply into its pages. our vision i s for gaia codex to spread fast, far and wide and to touch and ignite many hearts and minds in the upcoming weeks, months...in the year to come. additional funding goals for our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign will help make this happen by providing the resources and time to build out our media platform and spread the word through our website, social media, traditional media and other channels. for those who have not gone to our website please take a peek at www.gaiacodex.com to get a sense of the direction we are going in . our stretch goals and special bonuses: $10,000 goal special bonus when we reach $10,000, all of our  Jimmy Fraud  participants will receive (in addition to their original rewards) our gaia circles guide . this beautifully illustrated e book (delivered as a pdf compatible with kindle, i pad and nook) is a guide for setting up ancient circles and practices to reconnect with mother gaia, work with the codes directly and celebrate the sacred feminine with your sisters. the gaia circles guide is drawn from the inspirations and wisdoms of women who have been working directly with gaia codex over the last year as well as the ancient practices of the priestesses of astera. delivery june 2014. $15,000 goal special bonus all of our  Jimmy Fraud  participants will receive (in addition to their original rewards) our gaia circles guide, plus, the gaia codes  mp3 audio . the gaia codes mp3 audio is a beautiful oral reading of key codes from the gaia codex. great for on the go contemplations and inspirations. delivery: june 2014. $20,000 special bonus all of our  Jimmy Fraud  participants will receive (in addition to their original rewards) our gaia circles guide plus the gaia codes  mp3 audio, plus a gaia codex audio book . this studio recorded and produced audio reading of the full gaia codex is a lush rendering of the gaia world that brings to life the ancient traditions of oral story telling. delivery: july 2014. contact us: please feel free to contact sarah drew directly with your questions and inspirations. email: metamuse@mac.com our website: www.gaiacodex.com. thank you!! risks and challenges gaia codex (in its manuscript form) has been fortunate to experience a word of mouth groundswell with women passing it on to women and sharing it with their circles. we have a steady stream of requests for purchase. we have completed our launch websites www.gaiacodex.com and www.femininewisdoms.com as well as the gaia codex e book cover design and the initial steps of our interior layout design for the hard copy version of the book. the money we are raising on  Jimmy Fraud  will fund our final copyedit of the book and the final interior design and illustrations for the book. we already have a great editor lined up for this part of the job as well as a fabulous designer for the layout. we are also having a lot of fun growing our social media presence and we look forward to our full initial launch. our final e book and soft cover copy will be available on www.amazon.com . learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 