riptionorganic, non toxic, liquor based (crazy effective) deodorant: pit liquor whiskey deodorant pit liquor *for media interviews, please feel free to contact us at erica@distilledbody.com! initial goal reached! reach goal #1: $3500 unscented vodka deodorant a lot of people express concern over the smell or simply want unscented deodorant. this will quench that quandry! this is one of the options available for the single and triple shot sizes. at $15,500, we will introduce a new reach goal! reach goal 1 unscented vodka reach goal #2: $5,500 coconut rum deodorant this whole idea now exists because liquor kills everything and because liquor pits sound fun. so let's really have fun with it and go full on jack sparrow! at $21,000, we'll unlock coconut rum deodorant. *this scent will not be ready until february. you and captain jack need coconut rum deodorant. introducing pit liquor: this is our beautiful spray deodorant. it has several (edible) components and a uniquely concocted extract to help quench your stench. this deodorant is incredibly effective at helping our users live what they refer to as an "odor free lifestyle." lol! it kills bacteria and keeps your pits neutral so they're not a good environment for bacteria to come back to. pit liquor comes in the following smells: whiskey lavender, whiskey vanilla, whiskey black pepper, and now also unscented vodka. the bottles will contain actual sprigs of lavender, slices from vanilla beans, whole cloves, and whole peppercorns. we have more exciting reach goals in the works after we reach this goal! faq video you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 pit liquor works because we use incredibly high alcohol content (organic) liquor. each of our other ingredients is present to help your underarm be a microbiome free of stench causing bacteria. we've done over a year of research and trials to figure out the best way to quench your stench and have a little fun with it. all whiskey single shot 1 oz bottles the basic premise is a deodorant composed of entirely safe and consumable, organic ingredients sourced as locally, ethically, and environmentally consciously as possible. it's good for you on every level. plus it's made of high quality liquor. can't go wrong there. these companies think we are pretty neat! the backstory we formulated this deodorant while i was pregnant and we could no longer stand the toxic slurry of regular deodorant or the inaction of many natural deodorants. actually, jason begged me to stop using the traditional, chemical laden deodorant of my past. so i challenged him to come up with something that worked. in a moment of desperation, i threw some hand sanitizer on my pits, and viola! an idea was born. here we are at the outset of pit liquor, pregnant and happy not content with "boring" alcohol typically used in body products, jason wanted to make something unique and fun, so he started making us a deodorant out of whiskey. he started reading medical textbooks about deodorant (yes, really) and he started purchasing teas from weird locations and ordering samples of high alcohol content liquors. he did research into body friendly organic teas and found several teas that work beautifully in our deodorant. in addition to being antimicrobial, some of the teas we use are also believed to be beneficial for preventing breast cancer and others are used in extractive form (like in this deodorant) for soothing symptoms of people undergoing chemotherapy. that's so much better than ingredients shadowed in suspicion for causing cancer and other illnesses. that's the kind of stuff to slather on, and it's what we mean when we say we want this to be a safe product. it needs to work on every level to improve your health and wellbeing. all whiskey deodorant scents finally, after all that trial and research, we had something we were putting to use daily. we used the deodorant ourselves for nearly a year, then during a random conversation with our lovely neighbor, we realized it might be of interest to others as well. so we made up a bunch of tester bottles and sent them to friends and family who wanted to try out healthy deodorant. we didn't tell them the main ingredient at first. after trials with 50 unique users, and continued interest from those who tested our product, we decided we were on to something. oh yeah, and somewhere in this time is when jason stopped washing his armpits, just to see what that would be like. see the video above if you're curious what six months with no washing and just our deodorant will do! light fixture chandelier artwork by david young, actual pieces received will look different, they will be designed specifically for this campaign and its backers and will be made from whiskey barrels what some of our 50 deodorant testers had to say... "it works better for me than the natural deodorant i buy at the store. it's definitely a "shut up and take my money" kind of thing, lol." sandy, a triathlete momma in the navy, hawaii. whiskey vanilla single shot 1 oz bottle "i had my reservations about using a deodorant that wasn't also an antiperspirant, but i also knew that it would be good for me, so i finally started trying it mid summer and i have to say that i'm hooked! i had the [whiskey] vanilla one and it was lightly scented so that my husband asked why i smelled like flowers =) it does the job even on the 100 degree days, too. and once i went on a trip and just brought my old antiperspirant stick with me to travel, and i couldn't believe how uncomfortable i was slathering that on after acclimating to the spray. i was hoping you'd be ready to launch before i run out of my bottle cause i want to keep on using that product." kimi, san diego whiskey lavender single shot 1 oz bottle "i love it! it really does kill the stink. it has totally worked between showering which for me is on average about every 3 days. we have had quite a bit of humidity here and the product is still going strong." dana, illinois "you guys knocked this out of the park! my goodness! i love how well it works—i seriously can’t tell you how many times i have shoved my pits into my husband’s face and said "you have got to smell me!'" erika, illinois "i love this stuff, when can i buy it?" nancy, colorado whiskey black pepper single shot 1 oz bottle we've continued sending free bottles of pit liquor to people because we understand that this product is strange enough, it doesn't sound real. as people have received and tried our product (total strangers), they've turned into pit liquor lifers. check out the facebook reviews we've received from strangers. a couple of the reviews are from friends, including the 4 star review. it's important to know that we would never remove a review unless it contained abusive language, spam, or advertisements. to date, we've never removed a review. 3.4 oz triple shot whiskey vanilla deodorant light fixture chandelier artwork by david young, actual pieces received will look different, they will be designed specifically for this campaign and its backers and will be made from whiskey barrels. common questions i can't smell like liquor at work, what about that? we've got you covered. while the liquor smell will dissipate quickly, those with a nose really accustomed to it might still detect it for a little while. it's the same principle as hand sanitizer, but safe enough to eat. we had it tested by people who are in the navy, teachers, businessmen, yoga teachers, runners, desk jockeys, artists, policemen, and moms and dads. no one complained about the smell. former bartenders could detect the smell for longer than our other testers because of past exposure and familiarity with it, but when we made them their own line of vodka deodorant, that put the kabosh on the smelling of liquor. a thing of beauty why is it in a spray bottle? well, we put a lot of thought into it and this didn't seem too far off from the old aerosol sprays (except, you know, minus the aerosol), plus it is the most effective format to deliver the liquor and the arrowroot powder directly to your pits in even distribution. it dries quickly and the arrowroot is evenly spread around your armpit to guard against later in the day stankiness. because it's a spray, you've gotta shake it (well) before using it. single shot bottles how long will a bottle last me? with typical use, a 1 oz bottle will last 3+ weeks. a 3.4 oz bottle gets you to around 3 months. you may find you use more or fewer sprays. i personally use a lot. some of our testers don't. it's up to you, but an average of 3 months for the 3.4 oz bottle is pretty standard and 3 weeks for the 1 oz. all single shot whiskey 1 oz bottles in front of local art what if the  Jimmy Fraud  doesn't reach its goal? if this thing isn't our ticket, we will still be working to sell deodorant soon. it'll just take us time to save up bucks and get our financial ducks in a row to make it work. this would help us get pit liquor out there much sooner, but it's coming for you one way or another. will it make you drunk? nope. the intended use of pit liquor will make you just as drunk as hand sanitizer makes you by applying it to your hands. and we really hope you're not getting drunk on that stuff. (if you don't drink it, you won't get drunk. and please, don't drink it. we're not licensed for that and don't intend it to be used that way. we've made it taste bad so you don't want to drink it because we could get into a pickle if you did.) whiskey lavender deodorant triple shot 3.4 oz how does it work? the alcohol is incredibly high proof (above 136 overproof in the final product), so it's at least as potent as any hand sanitizer. your pits stink because of bacteria. the alcohol contains an extract we make of teas that are each antimicrobial, some of them even proprietarily help encourage good bacteria to thrive, which also keeps the stink at bay. we also use salt which will keep you a little more dry and unfriendly to bacteria. and the final gut punch to your pit stink is the arrowroot. arrowroot remains in powder form in the liquor. it helps with dryness and also keeps you antimicrobial all day. your armpit is a lovely little microbiome and we want to reduce/eliminate the stink causing stuff to leave it free to just be skin with sweat glands the way it was intended to work. this stuff will work as long as you wear clean (previously unworn since washing) clothes and apply deodorant each day. whiskey on the rocks the reason for our  Jimmy Fraud  to move forward and create enough of our product to sell at a steady rate and reduce waste, we will need to buy massive quantities of high quality, high alcohol content organic liquors. much better than buying it in large, klunky glass bottles 1 liter at a time. we need quantities in the range of 50 gallon drums of vodka, whiskey, and rum. (party at my house...or not so much, party for your pits!) we use nothing you wouldn't buy in a liquor store or natural food store. to make this happen, we're working with organic distillers such as j.b. thome & co., inc.. all of our liquor is organic and is quite tasty before we denature it to make it usable as a deodorant (we denature with salt, ultra bitter small leaf kuding tea, and essential oils). with the money from our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we intend to purchase supplies to make deodorant and work on marketing our product for continued sale. we are ready to get rolling! teas used in pit liquor deodorant we are committed to quality and safety with our product. having recently become a three person family, we're keenly interested in the safety of products that we wear. body products need to be safe not only for the wearer but also for anyone in close contact with that person, such as babies. we don't want to be holding our baby in or near toxic armpits and babies do hang out around armpits an awful lot. (if you're not sure what we're talking about when we mention toxicity of deodorant, check out "the human experiment" film.) we want to use liquor that is sold for consumption because it's safe enough to be used in your body, so we trust its safety for topical use, especially in a vulnerable place like your pits. (did you know you have lots of lymph nodes in your armpits? those lymph nodes soak up what goes on or near them, so treat them with care! they're part of your body's filtration system.) we're proud of our sourcing. to find our sources for our ingredients, we follow a decision matrix that leads us to the right answer. in order below is our list of priorities we use in selecting each ingredient in our products. these priorities are hard and fast and help us find our way to the things we're looking for. the teas we use in pit liquor after steeping in vodka 1. is it a food grade ingredient? if not, we don't consider it. our filter for ingredients is very firm on this. 2. is it organic? some ingredients are actually grown in remote locations where traditional farming is used and an organic certification is too expensive for those farmers. we consider these ingredients to be just as good as the ones that are certified organic. so not all of our ingredients are certified organic, but we do our very best to ensure that they are free from pesticides and herbicides. it's a hard line for us. pit liquor deodorant 3. is it of high quality? if we wouldn't enjoy using a product when we cook for friends or family, we consider it not good enough to be in our deodorant. we feel that our deodorant is a vibrant work of useful art, and it ought to be the best we can make it. we don't use anything that isn't free from artificial ingredients or preservatives. 4. is it local or can it be purchased through a local vendor? not everything can be sourced locally. we've worked hard to find each ingredient as close to us as possible. this means finding local tea vendors with a similar ethos in their companies. it means supporting local, small businesses whenever possible. 5. is it in line with our beliefs? we consume things that are produced ethically. that means no slavery (for example, chocolate is often not produced this way, and as a family, we are adamant about not consuming slave made chocolate.), no cruelty (we have a very hard line with animal made products as a family, and we maintain that for our business), and we want the people who produce our ingredients to receive fair wages and compensation; fair trade. 6. how does it impact our planet? we all can agree that doing our part to take care of the planet we have is wise and correct. so we are doing our best to find sources for packaging and production processes that promote a healthier planet. down the road, we hope to visit the farms where each ingredient is grown so we can form relationships with the families who grow the vanilla beans, teas, and so forth. for now, we're using vendors we trust to source things with excellence. bottles on tree trunk cost breakdown (why we think we need $12k) the volume of liquor needed to fill these orders (plus the cost of bottles and other materials) will cost $6.5k. the amount of our fully funded  Jimmy Fraud  ($12k) will ensure that we can buy liquor and other ingredients to fill the orders placed, and will also ensure we have enough cash to purchase the same amount again to launch our business sans debt and continue producing pit liquor without financial strain. this way we can be sure to supply our  Jimmy Fraud  friends with their deodorant as well as having enough in stock to keep a steady supply at several locally owned stores that will sell our product. all triple shot deodorants *note none of our products are meant to work as an antiperspirant. we believe antiperspirants are not healthy for our bodies. humans are meant to sweat, we simply don't accept that we also have to stink. **you'll notice a lot of natural deodorants contain sodium bicarbonate or baking powder. ours does not for two simple reasons; it's not effective for all day use and it makes you itchy. sodium bicarbonate covers up the stink of underarms, but then it changes the ph of an armpit in a way that is actually friendly for the bacteria that cause underarm odor, so on impact, it's very effective. but it creates a non neutral environment where those bacteria thrive, causing you to reapply or eventually abandon the product. we don't want that. jason has spent the past 6 months not washing his underarms. he has been using pit liquor alone as his line of defense against the stink, and i have to say, he's smelling pretty great! he's finding that long term use of the product has actually decreased the presence of pit stench microbes so he's pretty neutral most of the time. ***please be aware that while our product is edible, that only means that the ingredients are all safe to eat. it is not meant to be eaten. doing so would not be in accordance with our intended use and could cause us problems with the government. the edibility of our product simply lends to its safety in use. the alcohol has been denatured with a ton of salt and the ultra bitter small leaf kuding tea and it won't taste good at all! but every ingredient is safe for consumption by itself. that makes a pretty safe product, we think. happy spritzing! pit liquor whiskey deodorant risks and challenges one of our possible risks would be in obtaining more orders than our current suppliers can fulfill quickly. we're well equipped to handle the number of orders needed to fund our campaign, but if this far exceeds that amount, we may need a bit of extra time to complete the excess orders. then again, we may not, too. we're looking into sourcing to mitigate this problem pre emptively. this kind of demand could also require us to use different sources for our liquor, but it will be organic no matter what. the main concern would be that the whiskey might need to age for 6 months before larger orders can be fulfilled. but we will do everything we can to make sure things go more smoothly than that. if that is the case, we will maintain our commitment to excellence and will find other sources that meet our standards. other potential problems include potential problems with our bottles. some of our earlier prototypes have had issues with the sprayers, but we are working hard to eradicate that issue before mass producing bottles of deodorant. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 