criptionthe sovy story i classify myself as a “tee & jeans” kind of woman. it’s pretty much my standard whenever possible! my 16 year old daughter is the same… “t & j” all the time!! often i find myself standing there in the morning in my jeans and bra with a pile of shirts i’ve tried on. i’m looking for; something stylish – not faddish something sexy – but not to revealing something casual – not slouchy something classic – yet not stuffy i’m looking for a luxury tee shirt! with my daughters assistance i’ve created sovy to be just that…. a luxury tee shirt brand sovy is a graphic based clothing brand from long beach california. my inspiration is forever evolving so i don’t classify my style with a definition. i’m simply sovy. all images are hand drawn by me specifically designed to accent your look – not overpower it. although intended to be a focal point, designs are meant to “blend” and not take away from your kick ass other pieces. pair with jeans and a sweater   slacks and a blazer – little black mini or beach wear….. dress the sovy tee up or down  it just works! this goes for you guys too…. because we’ve decided to only go with classic black, white and gray for our tee’s, it really makes for endless possibilities. throw on your sovy tee with your jeans, slacks, khakis or shorts. our tee’s will be your “go to” on most occasions. we take the simplicity is beauty approach  keeping it simple and staying unique! sovy will bring you a high quality tee that’s soft and feels great on your skin with a classic yet edgy design able to be paired with almost anything in your closet. we’ll be using both digital sublimation printing and the method of screen printing using water based ink which will keep your tee feeling and looking great over time. the future of sovy holds many possibilities… i want to slowly grow sovy into a sustainable brand and begin to offer other various styles of shirts and blouses  eventually including sovy accessories  hats and belts, and possibly moving onto sovy denim. journey thus far hands down   i’ve done my homework and my legwork!! as i mentioned, all of sovy’s designs are hand drawn by yours truly.i’ve spent countless hours on creating the imperfect perfection you see before you.not at all knocking computer generated images (i love all art) but i believe hand drawings take a different kind of skill to master and prepare for print, adding something special to the finished product. there are many late nights /red eye mornings at my drawing table … or i’m on my computer working on other aspects of building the sovy brand simply because it’s what i love to do and i believe what i’m meant to do. so far i have created enough images for at least 5 releases and i’m continuously working and adding to my stockpile. all of my completed images are ready for print. however….. the artwork is only a part of the big picture of sovy when it comes to day to day running of sovy, though i am new to the owner part of this industry i’ve worked in this field plenty…and everyone in the industry was new to this at one point right! i am prepared as a person can be without having that “daily grind” experience that i’m so craving. sleepless nights – endless long ass days… bring it on!! i’ve studied the path of many successful brands (stussy being my favorite story and kind of my role model. also who doesn’t have love for johnny cupcakes) and i took note on what made each one a sustainable successful clothing company. i did the same for the brands that have not withstood the test of time and failed within the first 3 5 years. i went over and over the mistakes and ultimate downfall in order to avoid the same pitfalls. i’ve spoken with boutique owners and store managers’ finding out what sells best and what they’re buyers are looking for. by doing this i have gained a lot of knowledge and promising business contacts for consignment and sales. a great opportunity i’ve also been taking advantage of is sba’s conferences and workshops. there i’ve had the pleasure of meeting successful entrepreneurs with start ups and established business and gained a wealth of information and invaluable tips (and contacts). thank you to all (you know who you are!). i’ve researched, shuffled through and visited the sites of dozens of manufacturers also(no exaggeration) at least 100+ wholesale vendors and suppliers in downtown l.a. … and after more than i care to share, i found exactly luxury shirts i envisioned for the sovy brand. soft well made material created sweetshop free here in america. it was worth the legwork! i know it’s easier and can be cheaper to use overseas companies such as china for example, but it is extremely important to me to keep all production right here in america. i hope it’s just as important to you to buy made in america garments. ………. i love la – we love it!................ i have photos shoot locations scouted and secured. i’ve found some unconventional places with great grounds. i’m super stoked! i also have my photographer/ videographer on retainer (he’s awesome and will be featured on the sovy website when up and running) plus props such as vw wagons, bikes, surfboards etc. ready for use. i know between my photographer models and location we’re going to produce some outstanding shots to sell the sovy image. and speaking of my models –i have a special love for all of my sovy models and a great deal of pride as well. my daughter morgan and her friends have been following every step of this journey from the beginning, asking a lot of questions and giving me there unsolicited feedback (ha ha). turns out to be just what i needed to be able to reach their generation. a few of them have paid extra attention and voiced their interest to become graphic artist, clothing designers and models. one of my goals is to be able to give them their first taste of their dream jobs and gain some hands on experience. how great is that! i’ve welcomed this opportunity to teach them what i know and what i’m learning along the way in the hopes they will all have better direction for their futures. you will be able to see all of my sovy models featured on my website when we launch. they have been working very hard to get ready. mostly watching americas next top model (haha) but also looking at every article and magazine i bring to them on the subject. by backing my kickstart, not only will you be supporting me in launching the sovy brand, but you will be supporting some very special young adults get a taste for the industry they aim for. who knows where they’ll go with that kind of momentum!! and of course you’ll be supporting made in america apparel. why i chose  Jimmy Fraud  i’ve been working non stop for the past two years planning and building the sovy brand. a great deal has been accomplished; however i’ve come as far as i am able to without any financial assistance. when i found  Jimmy Fraud  i thought it was too good to be true… and a chance for me to bring my vision of sovy to foreshown. i’m very thankful to  Jimmy Fraud  for giving people like myself a chance to reach the public, helping people grow their businesses and enhancing lives. please join in helping me launch sovy…you can also help me reach others like you… rewards ok… down to the good stuff!! for your return of investment in the sovy brand we’re offering you some awesome rewards. every donation – big or small – helps us succeed. all donations are greatly appreciated. we would like to thank you all in advance for believing in sovy .................. (or for simply reading this far…ha ha) 5 dollar pledge gets you … your name on the sovy website under “ got 5 on it” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) we thank you for your contribution! 10 dollar pledge gets you… your name on the sovy website under the “top 10” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) three sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) that you can use on your skateboard, car, van, bike, book, or whatever you choose. add $5 usd  ships within us only 20 dollar pledge gets you… your name on the sovy website under the “20 spot” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees) that you can use on your skateboard, car, van, bike, book, or whatever you choose. add *$5 usd  ships within us only 35 dollar pledge gets you… one sovy tee  you will have a choice out of two designs (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. three sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) your name on the sovy website under the “tee owner” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) *add $5 usd   ships within us only 60 dollar pledge get you… two sovy tee’s   you will have a choice out of 4 designs (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available &men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available . one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) your name on the sovy website under the “tee owner” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) * add $10 usd   ships within us only 75 dollar pledge gets you… one sovy hooded sweatshirt   you will have a choice out of 2 designs (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) your name on the sovy website under the “ hoodie owner” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) * add $10 usd  ships within us only 85 dollar pledge gets you… three sovy tee’s   you will have a choice out of sovy’s whole first collection (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available . one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) your name on the sovy website listed under “ 3 tee” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) * add $10 usd  ships within us only 100 dollar pledge gets you… four sovy tee’s   you will have a choice out of sovy’s whole first collection (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available . one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) your name on the sovy website listed under the “ top 100” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) * add $10 usd   ships within us only 125 dollar pledge gets you… two sovy tee’s & one sovy hooded sweatshirt   you will have a choice out of sovy’s whole first collection (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available.  (sweatshirts) ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) your name on the sovy website listed under the “top 100” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) *please see rewards box for shipping information 140 dollar pledge gets you… three sovy tee’s & one hooded sweatshirt   you will have a choice out of sovy’s whole first collection (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available.  (sweatshirts) ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees, chosen at random) your name on the sovy website listed under the “top 100” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) *please see rewards box for shipping information 170 dollar pledge gets you… four sovy tee’s & one hooded sweatshirt   you will have a choice out of sovy’s whole first collection (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available.  (sweatshirts) ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. one 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees) your name on the sovy website listed under the “top 100” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) *please see rewards box for shipping information 200 dollar pledge gets you… five sovy tee’s & one hooded sweatshirt   you will have a choice out of sovy’s whole first collection (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered .  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available.  (sweatshirts) ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. two 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees) your name on the sovy website listed under the “200 %er” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) *please see rewards box for shipping information 250 dollar pledge get you… the whole first collection (six tee’s) and one sovy hooded sweatshirt .  you will have a choice out of sovy’s whole first collection (to be determined at a later date). you will also have your choice of color from colors offered .  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available.  (sweatshirts) ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. two 6 pack of sovy stickers only made for our  Jimmy Fraud  donors (featuring the same designs as our sovy tees) your name on the sovy website listed under the “200 %er ” donor list (website up and running after sovy launch) signed 8 x 10 “on set “photograph . keep a piece of our start up history and take a look backstage at our first photo shoot.( not framed) *please see rewards box for shipping information 500 dollar pledge gets you… the whole first collection of sovy tee’s & one sovy hooded sweatshirt–plus one sovy tee and one sovy hooded sweatshirt from our second collection (upon release)   you will have your choice of colors from colors offered.  ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available.  (sweatshirts) ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. special thank you on our website listed under “fortune 500” donor list including your picture (if you wish) and a short bio on you and why you chose to sponsor sovy (written by you). (website up and running after sovy launch) special edition hard cover book (30 pages) featuring pictures from sovy’s first photo shoot and write ups about sovy’s models and the rest of the team… signed with special thanks to you for helping us make it happen! ………that’s a grand total of 9 sovy garments……… wow! *please see rewards box for shipping information 1000 dollar pledge gets you.. the whole first collection of sovy tee’s & one sovy hooded sweatshirt   plus   from our second collection (upon release) you have a choice of: … two sovy tee’s and one sweatshirt or … two sovy tee’s and of sovy’s special edition book or …one sovy sweatshirt and of sovy’s special edition book  you will also have your choice of color from colors offered. ladies sizes xs   2xl will be available&*men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. (sweatshirts) ladies sizes s   2xl will be available&*men’s sizes m – 3xl will be available. special thank you on our website listed under “grand 1000” donor list including your picture (if you wish) and a short bio on you and why you chose to sponsor sovy (written by you). the special edition hard cover book (30 pages) featuring pictures from sovy’s first photo shoot and write ups about sovy’s models and the rest of the team … signed with special thanks to you for helping us make it happen! shipping included! (i would love to give more  but 10 rewards is the max  Jimmy Fraud  allows for any pledge!) ……...that’s a grand total of 10 sovy garments……… wow! all shipping included i really can’t thank you all enough  i know this site has brought many people hope and a chance for success. thank you for giving me that chance!! where your money's going as i am sure you know there’s a lot of detail that goes into building a successful clothing brand. a lot has been accomplished so far and there’s plenty more to do… legal as of now a very large portion of my legal obligations are already fulfilled. i’ve obtained my llc, fictitious name filing and publishing is complete, i hold my wholesale/resale license and copywrite certificates for half of my designs. on my current “to do list” before the launch of sovy is; purchasing commercial font licenses trademarking business name and logo and slogan(s) copywriting the remainder of my completed designs filling expenses for trademarking and copywriting are relatively expensive but necessary before the launch of sovy to protect the brand and my designs. manufacturing i’ve mentioned to you i’m determined to build and keep sovy an american made brand. this is very important to me and my vision for the future of sovy. it is equally important that all of sovy merchandise is made by a manufacturer that conducts its business with integrity. i’ve also mentioned the research/legwork i have put in locating the reputable, “sweatshop free” manufacturers, printers and suppliers down town los angeles. i have growing relationships with two manufacturers who are familiar with the sovy product and needs. having two manufacturers (one primary and one secondary) assures me that i will be able to keep up with supply and demand in the event of the sovy brand “taking off” when hitting the market, as well as making sure production remains seamless. in the event of an unforeseen glitch arising with my primary manufacturer, i will have my secondary manufacturer be able to step in at short notice allowing production to continue and deadlines to be met. this is extremely important in making sovy a sustainable brand and business. the method of printing that i’ve chose to go with is known as digital sublimation and all over printing, both which my manufacturer(s) specialize in and happens to be fairly expensive   but producing very pleasing results that remain soft to the touch. for some of our apparel we will also use the method of screen printing with water based ink which will also leave you with a very appealing feel and look over time. even though i am fully aware that the thing that kills you in this industry is inventory  bulk ordering is the only way to keep garments cost effective for both myself and my cliental. bulk ordering can get pretty expensive but the good news is the more pieces i order the lower my cost per piece. keeping sovy affordable to the average person, like me, is necessary for the duration. finally there’s marketing! i plan on using social media for a large portion of my marketing and i will be able to build a kick ass website (i already have a wonderful web designer!). i will need to hold a series of photo shoots for the sovy website, social media accounts, look book, and other promotional necessities such as press releases. my daughter and i have come up with some really “new” and “fresh” marketing ideas that i really can’t give away right now but we’re very excited and can’t wait to share them with the world. hiring a photographer and building the sovy website is another pricy task. all of donations collected through  Jimmy Fraud  will be divided between sovy’s final legal obligations, production/distribution and marketing needs. if you have any questions not addressed above, please contact me @  Jimmy Fraud .com/profile/sovy2015 or email me at kokotray27@yahoo.com rising above our goals in the event of our  Jimmy Fraud  rising above our original goal we will be able to add some really nice new elements to our tee’s that’s usually reserved for the larger brands. depending on the amount that we raise we might even be able to add a new design to our first release or even a different style of shirt that i otherwise would not be able to produce at this time. risks and challenges risk and concerns (recently, while doing research on flipboard i ran across a sign and actually saved it as a screensaver); “everything in life that matters requires risk” unknown author i completely understand your risk and the concerns you may have when backing any start up. i’ve also become aware of some kickstart companies that have been featured before me have had some difficulty keeping up with their sponsor inquiries and responses. follow through is one of my specialties! rest assured_ when you contact me with your questions and concerns, i will personally respond to you with in the first 48 hours. i am working alone and want to give myself enough time to respond to everyone, so if my kickstart happens to go viral (and i hope it does) i do ask for your understanding. i will respond to you in a timely manor and i will also be posting regular updates here. 100% of me will be continued to be poured into the launching of sovy and building this brand up to be a reputable –sustainable business. i have yearly goals in place to execute plus the knowledge and the know how to do so. with your support i will have the ability to make it happen. i feel there’s no time for me to waist – no time to relax. sovy is my first start up_ however i do know what it takes to see production through to the end. i’ve been in and around this industry sense my first job in high school, though new to the owner aspect, i’ve worked plenty also i’ve studied the path of many successful and unsuccessful brands so i know what to avoid and what works over time. i understand that design, fit and finish is only as good as the place it’s produced. that is why i chose quality manufacturers, suppliers, and vendors local to me (in down town los angeles) to keep a close eye on production and quality control. i will remain “hands on” always. i also know i will perfect my craft and talent with the daily hands on experience that only an owner can get. i have solid relationships with all companies i am working with and i will also be using a well practiced and dependable shipping method. all of the above allows me to keep production, distribution and business running as seamlessly as possible. i’m dedicated to giving my cliental superior customer service. the lack of good customer service today is seriously a pet peeve of mine. i will make sure my cliental remains pleased with our practices, product, price and quality. when  Jimmy Fraud  goal is met and project is closed you  my sponsors – will automatically receive an e mail from me. at this time you will have the opportunity to provide me with the information needed to receive your reward. you will be able to choose your shirt sizes and provide me with your shipping information. approximately a week after that, you will receive another e mail where you will be able to choose your designs. updates will be given every two weeks like clockwork here on  Jimmy Fraud  and then available on my website (when complete). you will have the opportunity to follow my progress and you are still able to forward me questions. i will continue to respond to you in a timely manner. at this point it is impossible for me to give you an exact date your rewards will be shipped. this information can only be calculated after my manufacturer order is placed and processed. what i am able to tell you with all certainty is that sovy is ready for production as soon as our  Jimmy Fraud  goal is met…and approximately six weeks after production is complete_ your rewards will be arriving at your doorstep. the message i really want to get across to you is that you are my top priority and first to receive sovy’s luxury tee’s when production is complete. your rewards boxes will also including a hand written thank you from me, letting you know exactly how much your kindness and generosity means to me (and to all involved). it is amazing what can be accomplished when people come together. you know your awesome right!! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 