re? youare is a platform that brings the comfort, security and privacy over the internet we wish, but we didn’t know how to achieve. we live our lives performing many roles . we are professionals, parents, clients, friends... all at the same time, and yet each role demands different information exchange. as parents we need to supervise our children’s relationships over the internet. in business we must present ourselves professionally and exchange much more than just photos and messages. our needs today go far beyond what social networks allows us to do. that’s why we must evolve to a relationships network concept . youare is a platform built on our patented design that addresses our multiple relationships needs and diminishes actual threats. what you can do with youare? produce and share information with your professional partners, clients, businesses, family… receive and share information issued to you by medical doctors, lawyers, businesses, institutions, family… even friends, with others through your relationships. always present yourself with the appropriate profile through each relationship. manage your exposure on the internet. trust the source of the information you receive. supervise your children’s relationships and information shared. do all that in just one platform . origins marcio veloso is a technology entrepreneur that pursues innovative solutions for our daily life challenges and problems. in 1993, he created in brazil, googol , providing free access for all kind of information, 5 years before google. in 1995, he built one of the first internet providers in brazil. since then, he is relentless in identifying internet problems with the objective of creating effective solutions. concerned about the growth of internet crimes, spams, fake news and pedophilia, in 2013, marcio veloso completed the design of a system to address all of these problems. in 2014, he filed for a patent with the uspto which was successfully granted in november 2016. that was the starting point to gather this dream team to build and launch the project globally. our plans the amount we ask, allows us to “kick the ball” starting the game. currently, we are at the last stage of the first version of youare. your support will allow us to launch this project completely open for everyone to use and invite others. we will be able to serve the first 3.000.000 users, covering our hosting costs, a small team of collaborators and, small but precise marketing campaigns. hosting solution we are hosted on aws, the best datacenter nowadays. aws allows our costs grow progressively and also provides all the services we need for a solid growth. our solution uses many aws services. main services now are ec2, s3, auroradb, dynamodb, elasticloadbalancer, elasticsearch. as we grow, other services are already planned and will be added as needed. we know that hosting and internet costs are high for a social network, but joining your support with our resources we can build a strong relationship network that protects and respects user privacy. collaborators team we plan to keep the team as small as possible. increasing our collaborators' team will allow us to deploy more features in less time but team growth respects a complex equation that considers the balance of hosting costs, income and, media costs (as low as possible). media costs to become recognized is a very hard and costly task. precise media actions will be taken to achieve a critical mass that allows us to keep growing and progressively reduce media costs. we know that word of mouth marketing is one of the most effective marketing tools. our efforts to give the best service allied with our unique solution certainly will help us take maximum results from this strategy. conclusion money means speed. the amount we raise combined with users acceptance will define our growth speed. we want to assure these benefits are available to everyone in the planet within the least possible timeframe. we count on your help to take this project to the next level. meet our team marcio veloso self taught entrepreneur in the field of technology, post graduate in data science and big data. he started to build computer programs at the age of 13, founded his first systems development company at 21. he lauched googol   sips, a public access information system for the brazilian market, covering all type of information, years before yahoo and google. since then has built, bought, restructured and sold many companies, specially isp's, having created one of the firsts internet service providers in brazil. co founder of mundivox, a successfully sold startup. marcio is always finding innovative ways to solve our daily life problems. alexios azen jr. holds a degree in electronic engineering and a master's degree in economic engineering, having 47 years of experience in technology, developing master plans, studies, projects, sales and deployments with excellent return on investment for clients. ample managerial experience gained in positions such as vp of citibank in brazil, president of masterway serving large companies around the world such as eds, volvo, credicard and itaú. as chief executive officer of stratify brazil, he developed taxonomy solutions in knowledge management and process management. co creator of brazilians abroad network group that now operates in 29 cities and 9 countries. guilherme berenguer artist, entrepreneur and businessman. driven by his strong entrepreneurial behavior, he is always looking to create new opportunities by implementing innovative approaches and business strategies which provide a clear vision for growth and for final results. he never stops! he is always ready to listen, learn, absorb and contribute to and with powerful ideas. with his positive attitude and expertise, he takes a planned endeavor and not only does he make that dream come to life, he turns it into a fruitful journey. besides being a businessman in the usa, he has wide expertise in the fields of media, education and technology. he’s a popular actor with a solid career. he has been a lead actor in several prosperous tv shows produced and broadcasted by prestigious worldwide tv studios. he has participated in popular tv series like malhação, sinhá moça, vidas em jogo, as well as in big screen successes such as tainá 3 – the origin, with great box office success in brazil. his 15 years of tv experience allowed him to build and keep a consistent and faithful audience, with which he has a deeply engaged and active interaction. this resulted in an immeasurable network. rogerio ribeiro holds two university degrees: engineering & graphic and product design. with more than 20 years of experience, he has worked in several areas of design, with special emphasis on projects of visual identity, graphic interface and information design, for digital media and websites. in this area he managed teams at trip informática and mundivox do brasil, where he carried out numerous projects. since 2001 he has worked as a freelance designer and in his own design studio rdz. in this period, in addition to the digital projects area, he has also worked on corporate identity projects, design for marketing, signage, projects for exhibitions, fairs and corporate events. carlos galvão businessman, lawyer, graduate from the pontifícia universidade católica de petrópolis (class of 1984), with 30 years of experience in the civil area in general and extension in procedural law. during his professional career, in addition to litigation in a law firm, in the last decade he has almost exclusively dedicated himself to consulting in business and special projects, business advisory, group management, legal feasibility studies, mergers, joint ventures and complex contracts, in são paulo, rio de janeiro, espírito santo and in the main capitals of brazil. with the ability to manage people, partnerships and contractual relations in general, proposing creative solutions, improved drafting in contract drafting and preventive advocacy, intends to aggregate as a participant in this project, u.r. universal relationships, as a factor of collaboration in solutions of this virtuous challenge. alexandra de haan alex is currently svp finance at mubadala capital, a private equity firm which invests in infrastructure. born in the netherlands, she moved to brazil in 2000 as an entrepreneur and co founded mundivox, a fiber optic broadband provider for smes in brazil, successfully sold in 2014. in 2007, she transitioned back to corporate as cfo and fund manager of ideiasnet, a publicly traded vc firm that invests in tech in brazil. in 2015, she founded copacabana house ventures, a micro vc in technology. she also served as board member for several companies (officer distribuidora, padtec and nexxto). she has a bs from georgetown and an mba from columbia. she is a strong proponent for gender diversity, which she supports through her activities as a member of wcd, a mentor at wexchange, and as founder of venture women brasil. our timeline more videos rewards risks and challenges we know we are paying the high price of pathfinders, but this is not new for marcio veloso. he travelled that path when he had launched in brazil, googol, years before yahoo and google. now we ask your support to bring to our days the comfort, security, and privacy over the internet we all wish but didn’t know how to achieve. this project demands a huge budget. our approach is to generate revenue from enterprises and institutions and provide free access for individuals. we will provide unprecedented services with affordable prices for companies and institutions. we are sure that the benefits in trustfulness, privacy, and security we bring will be clearly recognized by users as a must have. above all, our objective is to give freedom, privacy, and security over the internet to you and your family. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 