onvideo update: rhys on itv news wonderkid is a 20 minute short film that follows the inner turmoil of an unnamed football prodigy as he comes to terms with his own identity, struggling to reconcile his sexuality with his issues with alcohol and ocd. we want to challenge the way people think about homophobia, not only in football, but in their everyday lives. director rhys chapman co wrote the script with writer terence corless , producing a story tackling a subject matter that has sorely lacked widespread attention. wonderkid provides an insight into the trauma caused by homophobia, and challenges preconceptions about what it is to be ‘ masculine’. at the heart of this project is the desire to change people’s minds about what is and what is not acceptable behaviour towards fellow human beings. it is about the basic human right for everyone to love and pursue a relationship, regardless of gender, race, creed or anything else. most importantly, it is a story about wanting to be happy with who you are, which is something we can all relate to. interview with wonderkid director rhys chapman homophobia in football justin fashanu was the first footballer to openly come out as gay in 1990. as a result he became a target for slander and intimidation from the crowds on match day. in more recent times, thomas hitzlsperger waited until after retirement before publicly coming out, stating that he felt there was no way he could have done so whilst he was still playing. abuse on the terraces is still rife. brighton and hove albion have recently produced a report detailing the abuse they have suffered week in, week out from opposition fans. to read the full report submitted to the fa click here. we are working with lgbt anti violence and hate crime charity galop in order to ensure that the film reflects real life situations to help those affected most. “ football is an institution in british society, and as such as it is imperative to challenge the anti lgbt attitudes prevalent in this sport and its fanbase. together, galop and wonderkid will work towards stamping out homophobia in football. ” galop press release this is a film with great aspirations and, working with galop, we intend to use it as an educational tool; holding screenings of the film to start the conversation with young people who have, or may come to, experience the issues dealt with in wonderkid. wonderkid x galop <3 our story so far we have had an incredible response from groups both within and outside the gay community: the kevin spacey foundation awarded us one of their prestigious grants which we used to fund this campaign the fa allowed us to film our  Jimmy Fraud  video at wembley stadium which provided a fantastic backdrop as well as lending credibility to a project that we all passionately believe in the south place hotel allowed us to film an interview with director rhys chapman moby has given us permission to use his track 'shot in the back of the head' on our  Jimmy Fraud  video gay friendly football team soho fc invited us to be a part of their fundraiser at kubar in leicester square trevor sorbie's brighton team invited us to march alongside them at brighton pride the gay gooners , arsenal's lgbt supporters group invited us to accompany their parade at the pride london, which was featured in the independent. read the article here having met ian mckellen at london pride with the gay gooners, he kindly offered to help us by lending his magical voice to narrate our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, enabling us to bring our campaign to a wider audience. rhys with ian mckellen <3 rhys was also interviewed on radio bbc norfolk as part of the scrimmage show with di cunningham from the proud canaries . listen to the podcast here: shorts on tap will be held a galop fundraiser / lgbt short film event 'looking for changes' at cafe 1001 on 14th october. through all of this exposure we hope to reach a wider audience to not only generate the necessary funds to make the film but also to raise awareness about homophobia in football. funding we have already been lucky enough to receive a grant from the kevin spacey foundation (ksf) , which supports emerging artists to get creative projects off the ground. we are now launching this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign in an effort to raise the rest of our production budget. short films are notoriously difficult to fund. it’s not always possible to promise a financial return, and as such, few make the commitment to donate. this film isn’t just a financial investment, it is a social one. the subject matter is so important, that we believe we have a responsibility to get it made. £25,000 is a lot of money. it’s certainly more than we have put together and without your help we simply not be able to make this film. if we raise our target of £25,000, we have budgeted to spend it on: thanks to: www.wonderkidfilm.co.uk www.facebook.com/wonderkidfilm www.twitter.com/wonderkidfilm instagram: wonderkidfilm risks and challenges actors: we want to cast a group of actors that will be able to portray the characters sympathetically and are passionate about the ethos of the film. casting the right actors is integral to the success of the film. location: to be able to do the film justice, we want to ensure that the locations used are of the highest standard possible. the locations we will be sourcing include a stadium, hotels, bar and taxi. the sourcing of these will involve the location fee, permits, insurance and travel etc. production: we want the film to look as cinematic as possible and in order to do that we need the right kit and the right crew. we want to shoot on something that once blown up to cinema screen will look amazing but if viewed on a laptop monitor, looks equally as good. our crew are all seasoned professionals and cannot wait to lend their expertise to our project. editing: once the film has been shot, we will need to manage the huge volumes of data recorded before beginning the editing process. we will then need to edit the footage, before mixing the sound, colour grading the images and exporting the final cut. distribution: once the film is made, the real work begins. we want wonderkid to be seen by as many people as possible. guaranteeing that we can spread the film and its message to as big an audience as possible is vital in our mission to change perceptions. the team will be working to screen the film at as many locations as we can, before entering it into film festivals around the globe. primarily we want to educate people through these screenings and by talking to young people struggling with these issues. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 