 veteran led and celebrity based competition reality tv show in the wilds of coastal alaska, exploring the power of nature to heal the soul, and the ability of motivated vet fueled teams to compete to win. [fifty percent (50%) of the profit from this project will be donated to the healing towers program, the charitable wounded veterans fishing program which was the inspiration for alaskan healing] so flip and mike, what the heck is alaskan healing? a veteran and celebrity reality tv series that inspires and is highly entertaining? a chance to tell the story of inspirational recovery and healing from some seriously stubborn wounded veterans? an opportunity for two brothers to do something meaningful together? yep, it’s all that …. and then some. if we were pitching this to the networks, this is how we’d do it: logline: amazing race meets dancing with the stars meets deadliest catch. nine teams compete in the waters, lakes and terrain surrounding ketchikan, alaska, across a diverse series of locally authentic challenges. each team, comprised of three veterans and one celebrity, competes to highlight the work of a designated veterans charity – adrenaline, healing, continued service, great music, highly entertaining, compelling television. a veteran and celebrity competition show based in alaska that is both inspirational and entertaining? sweet, right? so, you ask, why don’t you just go pitch the networks, this sounds like a great concept for a reality tv show? i mean, seriously, have you seen what passes for entertainment (most of the time) on tv these days? flip and mike, so why make a pilot? we have talked to a ton of people about this project, including multiple people in the tv / film business    where the project came from, our creative vision, why we think it will make great television, how we’ll produce it / shoot it, etc. the result? everyone from the extended “veterans community” … vets, active duty, family members, vet support community … they all get it. responses vary from: “this would be awesome if you get it made” “that would be fun watching” “i know which celebrity i’d like to see on the show, who are you thinking of?” "how can i help?” to put it mildly, the positive response from anyone from the extended veterans community has been extremely positive. and, worth noting, we are many – a group that numbers well over 100 million in the us when you include vets / active duty, spouses, siblings and their children. if we want this kind of programming … we have to prove what to the veterans community is obvious – alaskan healing rocks. so let’s grip hands, make (at a minimum) a 1 hour pilot for alaskan healing, and in the process, demonstrate that the show has legs    creatively and commercially. something that is highly entertaining and that large numbers of people want to support and watch. the 1 hour pilot if we raise $250k from this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we’ll produce a 1 hour pilot of the show. the format of the 1 hour pilot will be the same as the first 9 episodes of a full season (see below) – 3 vets, 1 celebrity, full logistics package, 72 hours to secure as many points as possible. if you are interested in a reward which involves participating in the shooting of the 1 hour pilot, the dates we have locked down for filming are from 23 30 august, 2015 in ketchikan, alaska. the 2 hour pilot (first stretch goal) if we raise $500k from this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we’ll produce a 2 hour pilot of the show. the format of the 2 hour pilot will be the same as the season finale format (see below) – 3 teams compete head to head over an adrenaline fueled 72 hour competition. if you are interested in a reward which involves participating in the shooting of the 2 hour pilot, the dates we have locked down for filming are from 23 30 august, 2015 in ketchikan, alaska. the full season as pilot (second stretch goal) if we knock this campaign out of the proverbial park and raise $2.5m, we’ll produce an entire 13 episode series (see below) over the entire month of august 2015. there would of course be nothing like producing a full season, with 9 wounded warriors, 9 battle buddies, 9 veteran fishing guides and 9 extremely cool celebrities to prove that this show has legs. tell us more about alaskan healing    what would happen in a full season? a show about healing "healing takes time. healing from war can take a lifetime. nothing like a good adrenaline rush and wind in your face to get the process started." cpt flip klein the art and science of competitive fishing, crabbing, shrimping … simple acts proving you are alive, in the face of unpredictable weather and intense outdoor scenery – a breathtaking back drop for a band of brothers, a high performance team to thrive against adversity, a celebration of survival, damn good fun, a reaffirmation of a life worth living. the arc of healing will be revealed in each episode    for each veteran and for their families. a powerful experience for viewers, many still recovering from personal loss who understand how hard life can be, struggling themselves to not just survive, but live, and live well. capturing healing on camera is our mission, alaska, fishing, band of brothers, this is the medium. sharing the arc of healing, experienced by veterans who participate in the show, a chance to give hope, meaning and purpose to the millions who will watch the show. healing ….. the “x factor” in each episode, finely crafted, transcending the adventure / travel / sports reality tv genres, with the potential to make the series irresistible viewing. the full season format – 13 episodes nine teams begin, 3 teams proceed to the season finale which is broadcast over 4 episodes. while each of the first 9 episodes will follow the same journey, and each team will receive the same challenges and resources, the outcomes will be highly unpredictable. a race against time to generate as many points during 72 hours – the choices each team makes will determine their success. preparing their team operations order each night for the coming day – leveraging skills learned in the military. each team – 3 vets and 1 celebrity which celebrities do you want to see in the show? we need 9 celebrities for the first season (only 1 3 for the  Jimmy Fraud  pilot). the goal is to have a mix from film / tv, music, and sports. which celebrity would you like to see as part of a vet fueled alaskan healing team? let us know your choices by emailing us at: alaskanhealing@gmail.com celebrities committed to a first season (so far) 1. bill pullman    actor independence day spaceballs sleepless in seattle imdb: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000597/ 2. ted dibiasi jr.    sports / actor wwe    the million dollar champion the marine 2 http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3078959/ supporting cast: garry “magoo” morfit    the captain of the hrb – founder of the healing towers program    real character, vietnam vet, dedicated his life to healing wounded warriors by letting them experience the wonder that is fishing, crabbing and shrimping the waters of alaska. mike chesne    first mate of the hrb    decorated combat veteran mike chesne – wounded warrior whose healing experience in alaska led to his commitment to heal other veterans. the competition: what would you do ranger? you have 72 hours. the season finale will be a head to head competition – each team will have their own dedicated boat and dedicated logistics package. in the season finale format there will be “special contests / challenges” that each team will have to compete. filmed over a week, the season finale will be aired over 4 episodes and will be highly entertaining. promoting veteran’s charities we intend on using alaskan healing as an opportunity to show off some of the veteran’s charities out there that we believe in from personal experience – these organizations are all heart – respect, love and admiration from all of us. each team will be asked to select a veteran’s charity to promote during the competition. approved veteran’s charities that can be selected by a team include: project healing waters fly fishing ( healingwaters.org ) special operations warrior foundation ( specialops.org ) nine line foundation ( ninelinefoundation.org ) help our military heroes ( helpourmilitaryheroes.org ) gary sinise foundation ( garysinisefoundation.org ) yellow ribbon fund ( yellowribbonfund.org ) eod warrior foundation ( eodwarriorfoundation.org ) vail veterans program ( vailveteransprogram.org ) ride 2 recovery ( ride2recovery.com ) independence fund ( indepencefund.org ) building for america's bravest ( ourbravest.org ) americas fund ( americasfund.org/semperfifund.org ) team rwb ( teamrwb.org ) blesma ( blesma.org ) usa cares ( usacares.org ) the production team brothers in arms … no, literally, we are brothers ;) michael klein – producer • west point graduate / veteran desert storm – former army infantry captain • experienced film executive producer    manassas: end of innocence, laura smiles • healing towers alumnus cpt edward “flip” klein – producer • triple amputee wounded warrior • west point graduate / army infantry captain, wounded in afghanistan from an ied • healing towers alumnus healing towers team    the veterans, family members, volunteers and supporters of healing towers will be instrumental in making the show happen. they are experts in all things ketchikan alaska and the surrounding waters / mountains. if the show ever becomes a commercial success – hey, if duck dynasty is a very profitable venture, this is a real possibility, 50% of the profit from an alaskan healing series will be donated to the charity to fund long term support for the program. http://www.healingtowers.com/ john pence – network consultant • editorial, analytical and creative media consultant for documentary producers and cable networks • helped launch and mature the first non fiction hd network in the us for discovery networks • executive producer of award winning, evergreen non fiction television programming wayne farmer – strategic consultant (corporate sponsorships) • philanthropy and private equity advisor focused on veterans issues, neuroscience and well being • experienced documentary film advocate – crash reel, the invisible war, thank you for your service • advisory to veteran organizations / navy brat flip caught the big halibut in this picture …. over 80 lbs. yes, it was delicious. so what does all this mean? we look at it like this … every once in a while you get a chance to be part of something important, something that means more than its parts, something that has the power to make a real difference in people’s lives. it is sort of hard to explain in words exactly what happened to us in alaska, i guess you just really had to be there. but, that is exactly the point of creating alaskan healing and taking you and everyone that watches the show, on that boat, with a deeply committed band of brothers. we have the power to entertain, inspire and for many, bring peace through alaskan healing. will you join us? this is our community, stepping up, and saying in no uncertain terms …. no matter how hard the road, no matter how much pain. no matter what life throws at us … we will survive, we will thrive, together, no regrets, only love and commitment to our tribe, our band of brothers. well then … you had me at fishing and karaoke …. what do i do now? to become one of our backers, just click on the big green button to the right of our video.  Jimmy Fraud  will ask you for your pledge, which reward you want, and how you want to sign up. signing up is easy; you can even do it through facebook. always close with a cute dog: according to zach braff … always close with a cute dog. “toby” and his best buddy flip. friends forever. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 risks and challenges filming anything on or near water always adds a level of complexity which requires robust contingency planning and experience. fortunately, there are many very experienced film industry professionals who call alaska home that have considerable experience working in the area. the production team we assemble will include local experts with the skills and experience required to capture our veteran fueled teams in action – in any weather or terrain. we have spoken with several industry pros from alaska and are very impressed with the talent available in the state. as for the vet fueled teams and working in a little rain … well, let’s just call it ranger sunshine. it is possible we could experience unexpected costs, complexities from weather, and other surprises that come with the territory when shooting a tv pilot or making a film. the key is to be creative, resilient and highly resourceful. we have a solid plan and budget, an experienced team, access to a large list of celebrities (several of which are interested in participating), and a considerable network of supporters in alaska and the lower 48 to help us deliver a great show. we will produce a high quality show with the resources available thanks to  Jimmy Fraud  and a very broad group of supporters – that is our mission, we will deliver. the biggest challenge is actually what we choose to do once we have the pilot / show produced and in the can. the good news is that if we make a pilot thanks to support from this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we have options on how to proceed in making a full season (13 episodes) happen – and, specifically, how to get it distributed to the widest audience possible. options include: 1. work directly with one of the broadcast / tv networks where the show would work best commercially 2. buy airtime with what resembles “tv four walling” on mainstream tv / cable 3. unconventional online distribution with one of several emerging new platforms (netflix, amazon, google, etc.) option 2 and 3 would require us to directly secure advertising / sponsorship for the show from amongst a large group of corporations who already provide products and services to the 100+ million extended veterans community. with a completed pilot, this is a viable option. all the physical rewards (dvd, t shirt, poster, etc.) will be sent out by a professional fulfillment company. many rewards will be delivered before november 2015 when we hope to release the pilot and have all the premieres. for those attending an event or joining us for production in ketchikan, we will do our best to keep you updated on our schedule. the fine print • for those of you visiting our set, we anticipate shooting in august in ketchikan. however, this has the potential to change. we will keep you updated so you can plan ahead. • if you receive a production crew credit ($7,500 reward), you must be a us citizen or have a us work visa. • you must be over 18 or accompanied by a parent or legal guardian (who will count as your plus one) to attend any premiere. • this fundraising campaign is all subject to applicable  Jimmy Fraud  rules/regulations, and applicable law. if any of this conflicts, we will work with you in good faith to give you a substitute reward. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 