nçais en cliquant ici . lisez tous nos updates ici !) click here to download the english rulebook ! cliquez ici pour télécharger le livre de règles en français ! click here to see the english tutorial cliquez ici pour voir le tutorial en français ! it is the end of the 16th century. this is a turbulent time, with bandits lurking in the wilds of the countryside, and pirates roaming the high seas. evil taints the hearts of men, and many give in to temptation. many, but not all. against this tide of corruption stands solomon kane . this mortal hero fights his lone crusade, aided by the silent might of the immortal virtues. together they fight against the implacable darkness . this is the fearless opponent who tries to thwart our hero at every turn, and who must be overcome by the players if solomon kane is to emerge victorious. darkness has emissaries too, and these shadows are also attracted by solomon kane ’s faith. shadows are not physical beings – they are the essence of the nameless horror that hides just out of sight, the lurking danger you think you glimpse from the corner of your eye, or the secret dread that sends shivers down your spine. this can drive lesser men to madness, and even solomon kane could be overwhelmed, for whilst his faith is strong, darkness is powerful too. solomon kane can see neither virtue nor shadow , yet he can feel both, and he has his faith. this tells him that good must triumph over evil. it is up to the virtues to ensure that he is right. miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted “solomon kane… considered himself the fulfiller of god’s judgment, a vessel of wrath to be emptied upon the souls of the unrighteous.”   robert e. howard the central figure in the game is solomon kan e himself. he is a dour english puritan and redresser of wrongs who roams the world, fighting against the ungodly and evil works of men and foul magic alike. he follows no master save his conscience, though that alone drives him to the ends of the earth to fulfil his quest. all his life he has travelled, aiding the weak and fighting oppression. from the bleak moors of england, through the damp forests of germany, to the sweltering jungles and savannahs of africa – even to the shores of the distant new world of america. space marine (warhammer 40k), warrior (rising sun), vampire (solomon kane), co (conan), solomon kane (solomon kane), leonidas (mythic battles), bandit (solomon kane), khorne warrior and stormcast eternals (shadespire) he neither knows nor questions why he is driven to do this. it simply must be done. to solomon kane, he is doing god’s work. to his enemies he is a relentless fury, armed with flintlock and rapier, and armoured in unshakeable faith. the knowledge of the rightness of his cause makes him unstoppable, and gives him the ability to overcome any fiend or demon. at least, it does when the virtues are on his side. “how i overcame it, i know not, for the battle was hard and long, but the powers of good and light were on my side, which are mightier than the powers of hell.”   robert e. howard the solomon kane core box comes with 4 complete adventures: one each in 1 act, two in 2 acts, and one in 3 acts. these stories are the rattle of bones , skulls in the stars , death's black riders , and the blue flame of vengeance   all based on original tales from robert e howard. we unlocked three 1 act original stories, the witchfinder general , l'ogre and beast of bordeaux. with 10 chapters per act, this gives you 110 chapters to explore, about 60 hours to play these stories once, and many, many hours of replay value. we have many stretch goals planned for this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, adding new miniatures, adventures, and other surprises. all stretch goals that we unlock during this campaign will be added free to every puritan pledge, and every additional copy of the core box you pledge for. social stretch goals the puritan pledge contains many, many hours of game play, and stretch goals add even more. however, if you’re enjoying solomon kane we will be revealing some additional content during the campaign that you may want to add to your pledge. if you’re interested in purchasing any add on, just click the manage your pledge button at the top of this page, and increase your current pledge amount by the amount of the extra items that you’d like to add.  Jimmy Fraud  doesn’t let you specify what you want at this stage, so we’ll sort out what your extra money is going towards after the campaign has closed. the system we use for this is called a pledge manager , and all backers will be sent a link to this after the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign closes. (to find more about all in bundles, click here) red shadows the art book of solomon the right hand of doom (to find more about this expansion, click here) heart of africa (to find more about this add on, click here) against the vampires (to find more about this add on, click here) america   the new world (to find more about this add on, click here) (to find more about this add on, click here) each player takes the part of one of the four cardinal virtues : courage , prudence , temperance , and justice , each with a special combination of abilities that reflect their unique role. together they must help solomon kane achieve his mission. miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted courage courage is bold and sometimes reckless. she cannot sit idly by, and encourages solomon to resolve everything with action! her specialities are moving and fighting. miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted prudence prudence tries to keep an eye on everything. she helps the other virtues as well as solomon, providing vital support to both. miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted justice justice is willing to listen to both sides. she is fair and balanced, and is expert at finding a solution that benefits everyone. her areas of skill are talking and influencing a situation for the better. miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted temperance temperance keeps a sharp eye and a clear head. she encourages solomon to keep his wits about him, and be aware of what is going on around him. her speciality is exploring the environment, and avoiding nasty surprises. miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted "the battle was hard and long, but the powers of good and light were on my side, which are mightier than the powers of hell. " allied mortals solomon kane is a loner, and only begrudgingly accepts the aid of others in his quest. however, when others need his aid he is quick to come to their assistance, and this means that his adventures against the darkness sometimes include companions. n'longa is not included in the core box. but you will see him soon! n'longa and solomon kane, blood brothers solomon kane ’s only regular companion is n’longa – a self styled “mighty worker of nameless magic”. despite their significant differences in outlook, they get along perfectly, saving each other from death on more than one occasion. it is hard to say which one of them relies more on the other. jack is a hot headed, somewhat naive, but well meaning young man, whose main goal is to protect mary and her honour. he falls in with solomon kane when the puritan comes to his rescue. mary is the archetypical damsel in distress. if jack can't save her, then solomon kane will always be ready to protect any innocent in peril. the wrong place at the wrong time, that’s the best way to describe the unfortunate traveller . he really should have waited for daylight to cross that moor… miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted darkness is the natural opponent of light . it is a combination of all the secret, unsavoury feelings and deeds which men are capable of. it lurks in the blackness, moulding the essence of the night into its minions, and sending them to plague the mortal world. shadows miniatures are supplied assembled and unpainted the main servants of darkness are the mist like shadows . they are not really creatures at all, more embodiments of a terrifying idea. one that can drive mortals to insanity and death. mortals through his many adventures, solomon kane encounters a wide variety of misguided, malevolent, or just plain evil individuals who all do darkness ’ bidding – whether they realise it or not. these range from simple thugs, through cannibal tribesmen, to otherworldly and magical creatures. solomon kane must overcome them all. solomon kane and jack hollinster ready to confront fishhawk and his pirates latest rules playthrough   the blue flame of vengeance   3rd july please note that components and rules used in this video are not final and are subject to change. solomon kane ’s lifelong fight against darkness is told in a series of adventures, based on the stories and characters created by robert e. howard. adventures are broken down into 1 5 acts, depending on their length. each act is itself broken down into 8 10 chapters. a gaming session will typically be a single act, or part of one. depending on the time you have available, you may play through a whole act, or be able to complete only a few of its chapters. if this is the case, you simply use the game’s save function to remember where you have got to, and you can return to complete the rest of the adventure another day. chapter 1   "skulls in the stars" when you play through an act, you naturally start with the first chapter. one player reads the narrative text aloud and follows the instructions on the card. the players then do their best to help solomon kane overcome whatever challenges the chapter throws his way, and then they move onto the next one. each virtue turn, the controlling player rolls their fate dice to see what resources they have available to pay for actions. these dice can be donated to other players, or saved for later turns, as well as buying actions immediately, and deciding how to coordinate these actions and share these resources between the players is a big part of the game. solomon kane takes the concept of cooperation very much to heart, and the players need to be discussing and working together throughout the game. even when it is not your turn you are involved in vital decisions. allocating dice during your turn after each player’s virtue turn comes a darkness turn. this is where the ai deck acts to thwart the players and destroy solomon kane . it can move its minions on the board, trigger unpleasant events, or simply sap the will of the mortals to carry on. the act continues with the players resolving one chapter card after another, with their adventure unfolding as they do. after many trials and obstacles, a final chapter card will tell the players whether their actions have been enough to achieve victory, and whether they have won or lost. solomon kane is a pure co op game, and players either all win together, or all lose together. cards solomon kane uses a number of different card types to tell the stories. these are: chapter cards these tell the steps in the story. each chapter number has a number of different options represented by different cards, some easier to complete, some near impossible. this is a little bit like going through a choose your own adventure book, but instead of simply picking what you want to do, the players have to achieve a particular effect with their actions to decide what happens next. (to find more about chapters, click here) chapter cards come in two main types: story and scene. a story chapter contains the next piece of the tale to read aloud. a scene chapter contains the map layout, miniatures, and objectives to play it out on the board. darkness cards the darkness deck is what drives the player’s opponent. each card is divided into several sections, each applying in a different circumstance. this allows the ai to be flexible and to react differently to each situation. using them is simple: just flip the top card of the deck at the start of each darkness turn and do what it says. event cards when a shadow triggers an event, the next card in this deck is revealed. this is usually bad, though not always. occasionally the light shines through the darkness and a brief reprieve is granted to solomon kane and his companions. virtue cards each virtue has their own unique 10 card deck of virtue cards. these cards list the possible actions for that virtue, together with the cost in fate dice to perform each one. in principle, any virtue can do any action, though only some of the actions will be available at any one time. during the game, players must carefully manage their decks, ensuring that their active cards give them the most useful range of options for the task at hand, and work well alongside those of their companions. discovery cards there are many secrets in solomon kane , and whilst the adventures are based on robert e. howard ’s tales, they have been greatly expanded. where solomon chose one path in the original works he now has a choice. that is, the players collectively have a choice to decide, by their actions, which path to take. discovery cards hide many of the possible outcomes from the players, and keep the elements of tension and surprise: you must decide before you know for sure what will happen next. this means that even if you have played the adventure before, there will be fresh elements each time. (to find more about discovery cards, click here) map tiles each scene chapter has a map, made up of 1 or more of the many double sided tiles from the box. maps vary in size and shape, each offering a unique puzzle for the players to unpick. fate dice each turn, a player rolls 3 fate dice to see what energies are available. the fate dice show bravery, determination, fear, pain, and (of course) faith. each of the virtue cards has a number of slots for these resources, and the action on that card can be bought by filling those slots with matching results on the fate dice. the ability to save some rolled dice for future turns, and donate much needed resources to other players makes for a lively discussion. what is the best thing to do? dashboards virtues each player has a dashboard for the virtue they are playing. these are all different. they include unique actions, effects of the virtue’s aura, and spaces for reserved and donated dice. courage virtue dashboard with attached virtue cards adventure track there are four game values that are tracked throughout the game. three of these are measures of solomon kane ’s abilities: strength, clarity, and compassion. each of these is linked to a specific type of test: strength to fighting, clarity to exploring, and compassion to talking. as the game progresses, these tracks may rise and fall. in addition, there is a fourth track: danger. this monitors the overall danger of the situation. the more it rises, the more perilous the situation gets. each of the virtues is linked to one of these tracks. their actions will often draw upon it, and in the process can lower or increase its value. however, these tracks apply to every virtue. even if it is courage who is most tied to the strength track, all fight tests triggered by any virtue will apply its modifier to them. so, whilst each virtue looks after its own track, their management of it will impact every player, requiring them to work together. miniatures same scale, different sizes! solomon kane includes a huge selection of beautiful 35mm scale miniatures, ranging from the man himself, through dastardly foes and innocent bystanders, to the towering virtues who aid him. although nominally 35mm (the height of an average man), the miniatures are all different sizes depending on the individual they represent. this gives us a range from 27mm tall children to the 90mm tall virtues. each miniature is a carefully sculpted masterpiece, full of character. to further enhance this, and to give the painters among our backers even more to enjoy, each sculpt also has its own unique scenic base. each model has its own unique scenic base! kane's crusade the mythic games ambassador programme has over 30 ambassadors across six countries who tirelessly share out games with board game communities. we have already hosted over 60 events and demonstrations while also attending major conventions such as cannes and ukge. we have over 50 more events planned already which you can find listed on our facebook page including attending paris est ludique, origins, gen con and essen spiel. several hundred public demos organised for kane's crusade solomon kane is a simple fellow, and to reflect this we have only a single core pledge level: the puritan . however, we also believe in rewarding our most loyal fans, and those who believe in us the most. for this reason, backers who pledge for solomon kane in the first 24 hours have the option of a puritan pledge with an extra early bird bonus! if you are a board game retailer and are interested in solomon kane , please click here . pour découvrir cette page en français, cliquez ici all pledge levels are available in both english and french. you’ll be able to choose the language you prefer in the pledge manager, after the campaign. this campaign will be presented in both english and french wherever possible. this does mean a lot more work for us, and we may sometimes need a little time to catch up with translations. please bear with us. videos in english beasts of war   solomon kane on uk games expo 2018 ludovox   ludochrono (game presentation in 10 minutes) beasts of war   playtrough vidéos en français ludovox   ludochrono (présentation du jeu en 10 minutes) tric trac   general discussion the european union, usa, canada, and australia will be “shipping friendly”. backers from these countries will not pay import taxes. based on our mythic battles: pantheon and time of legends: joan of arc experience, we will be charging shipping once the  Jimmy Fraud  is over, based on the actual costs. we will collect your address information via our pledge manager, after the campaign ends. the following is a list of rough estimates for shipping a standard core pledge of solomon kane . this is based on the costs for our last campaign and the assumption that the final weight will be comparable. keep in mind these are just estimates, and costs may rise based on weight increases from unlocked stretch goals and any optional buys you choose. if the game is significantly lighter than joan of arc , then some of the higher end costs may drop. usa : $32 canada : $35 europe (eu) : $32 $40 europe (non eu) : $40 $65 latin america : $100 $150 oceania : $40 to australia. $80 to new zealand asia : $40 $70 rest of the world (including french overseas territories   dom tom): $100 $150 our fulfilment process aims to be as fair as possible. for this reason, rewards are sent to all backers (including any retail backers) at the same time. due to the unpredictability of the postal services we cannot guarantee the order in which they arrive. this is the latest mythic games team photo we could find. we’ve been too busy on solomon kane to take a new one! from left to right: irek zielinski , olivier thill , benoît vogt , jake thornton , leonidas vesperini , david rakoto , christophe madura , stéphane gantiez , erwann le torrivellec. of course, the picture above is only a small part of the huge team that worked on the game. the full list of contributors is: game design : jake thornton narrative design : mark brendan and jake thornton game development : babis giannios, dale rowe, and steve slack artwork : guillem h. pongiluppi concept art : stéphane gantiez and christophe madura board art : carl art graphic design : stéphane gantiez, david rakoto, laurent lucchini, arnaud marchand and louis guillon sculptors (mythic team) : irek zielinski, olivier thill, gregory clavillier, edgar ramos, edgar skomorowski, giorgio bassani and gael goumon studio miniatures painters : sébastien lavigne and robert “rogland” carlsson kane’s crusade contributors : ben & peps, simon blanchegorge, andy cahard, olivier côte petit, jean marie dehlinger, nicolas dekaise, romain delavie, mohamed douari, sébastien evrard, randall fischer, stéphane gérard, mathieu giroux, loïck grimaud, bruno grimonpont, anthony kerignard, andrew knight, thierry lacoux, nicolas lamberti, henri lemaître, mike monnier, erwin mulder, ashley owens, laurent painsecq, jérôme petit, ludovic poirot, florian rambur, charles salom, vincent thierry savidan, christian sørup jensen, carl svärd molin, gaël taché, tezlat, akwa timba, mark tresidder, pascal vanpée, and toby webb. playtesters : chloé cheillan, matthieu mignon, naël evain, louis guillon, erwan guellec, and over 2000 people during our kane’s crusade tour! translators : anne vétillard and erwan guellec  Jimmy Fraud  campaign communications : az drummond, léonidas vesperini, backerkit and the mythic team projects and planning : ben clapperton video trailer : fabien delarue website design : nicolas dekaise and pascal vanpée game videos : monsieur germain (tric trac), warren johnston and sam poots (beasts of war), thibault, and mathieu et marilyne from ludovox (ludochrono) e learning modules : pascal vanpée technical director : erwann le torrivellec sculptors and artists supervisor : stéphane gantiez communication manager : az drummond consultant : patrice louinet publisher : benoît vogt and léonidas vesperini risks and challenges this is our third  Jimmy Fraud  and we’ve learned a lot. producing thousands of complex products and coordinating their delivery to homes across the planet is a complex business, and there are many things which could go wrong. this is why we build in as much time for the unforeseen as possible. we want to ensure that we have the space to deal with any unexpected setbacks and still get your game to you before the estimated delivery date. to give you a frame of reference for exactly when you will get your game, mythic battles: pantheon began delivery earlier than originally planned, and time of legends: joan of arc is currently on schedule to hit its planned date. we are confident that solomon kane will deliver on time too. that brings us to communications: we think they are very important. during this campaign we will post at least one update every day. afterwards, we will continue to keep you regularly updated with all the latest info in our famous weekly “what’s up wednesday” updates. this means that you’ll always know what’s going on in the adventurous world of solomon kane! refund policy we have a no questions asked refund policy. all pledges can be refunded in full up to 14 days after the end of the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign. in addition, if any part of your order cannot be delivered, then we will reimburse you the full cost of this component regardless of the date. if you apply for a refund more that 14 days after the end of the  Jimmy Fraud  then we will only be able to refund 85% of it. the difference is the amount of the unrecoverable fees paid to process your order. once we have started to process and pack your order, refunds will no longer be available. refunds within the first 14 days are reversed via stripe to the credit card you used to pledge originally. any refunds requested after the 14 day period may be processed via paypal or reversed via stripe or your credit card. this project is being funded in usd and any refunds processed will also be in usd. terms & conditions by pledging to this project, you acknowledge that the final look, materials, and content of the rewards (and the project) are subject to change and may differ substantially from what is presented in this  Jimmy Fraud  project. if you do not log in and confirm your pledge within 8 weeks of our notification via email to confirm your pledge, you agree that we have fulfilled our obligations to you in full for payment or donations received. however, we may, at our discretion, refund or ship your pledge if you contact us and confirm your pledge after the 8 week window has elapsed. if you confirm your pledge within 8 weeks of our notification via email, you agree that our responsibility to you is to ship your order as entered into our pledge manager system, that title and risk passes to you upon delivery to a common carrier for such shipment, and that outside countries specifically listed as being “friendly” (above) you are responsible for import duties or any other duties that may be payable to the relevant tax authorities, providing correct address information and ensuring this address is deliverable by normal methods. we regret we are unable to ship to po boxes. if these terms are not acceptable to you, then we suggest that you do not participate in this crowdfunding campaign. thank you for your understanding. copyright © 2018 robert e howard properties llc (“rehp”). solomon kane and related names, logos, characters and distinctive likenesses thereof are trademarks or registered trademarks of rehp. all rights reserved. used with permission. the solomon kane miniatures board game is © 2018 mythic games. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 