 and quick playing card game. it is designed and ideal to be played with 3 to 5 players (ages 12+) who are interested in embarking upon psychological warfare tactics and testing the limits of one’s memory. all in order to be crowned the ultimate alchemist! our playing cards are designed to enable any potential alchemists to formulate their best and most effective combination of elements to find a universal elixir. the playing cards are divided into three types: potion cards (numbers), magic cards and action cards . the poker sized playing cards add up to 42 cards per deck and come packaged in a compact black box. potion cards magic cards cards packaged in compact black box compact black box gameplay: from the single deck of 42 cards, all players are dealt 5 cards each . the game tests each players’ ability to play strategically through the use of one’s memory ability and psychological tactics . the game allows players to use creative strategy they may conjure to mislead other players and play towards their goal. after each player is dealt 5 cards each at random, the objective of each player is to ultimately form 1 of the following 3 combinations: 1) combination 1: 3 potion cards in numerical order and a pair of the same potion card 2) combination 2: 3 potion cards in numerical order and a pair of the same magic card 3) combination 3: 5 potion cards in numerical order the combinations depicted above are the combinations necessary to win the round and are depicted in the order of strength of the combination. in other words, combination 2 is stronger than 1 and 3 is stronger than 2. combination 3 > 2 > 1 the player to the left of the dealer begins. in each round, players must first discard a card from his hand and pick up either a card from the deck or from the discarded cards of other players. as the player aka alchemist discards a card, he does so by revealing his card momentarily and then placing the card face down into the playing area in front of the players. thus, this adds a component of memory work (as players have to try and remember the discarded cards) and the opportunity to either try and figure out the opponents’ strategy or to even mislead your opponent. also, we have such a unique way of winning the game! even after one alchemist forms a winning hand, the game continue for two more rounds and the other alchemists have a chance to try and form a superior combination. the game is made much more exciting and fun with the addition of 4 unique action cards that can change the entire dynamics of the game instantly! this game also offers a lot of freedom to players to use their creativity to try and win the other players. in order to make the game as fun as possible, we designed the cards with as much colour as possible while also focusing on a more minimalistic design. all in all, we believe that we have created a game that is beautifully designed and fun to play. in addition to the immense fun that is packed away in this little deck of cards, all our cards will be made from recyclable materials so you can have loads of fun with your friends while being friendly to the environment too. distributor/publisher: team erie game design: shawn thomas game development: marcus neo creative art and graphic design: daria larionova campaign video and graphic design: rima hing  Jimmy Fraud  campaign manager: florence liu if you have any questions while our campaign is running or following the conclusion of the campaign, feel free to post on the main comments thread or email teamerie@hotmail.com . our service team strives to reply promptly to all questions and comments. thank you so much for your support! risks and challenges this is our first project at creating a card game. though the production of a card game is fairly simple and straightforward, there are bound to be a few challenges along the way. some of which may be, production and the quality maintenance of our product. with respect to production, there might be a potential challenge in producing enough units at a sufficient enough rate to meet the demand for our product. to mitigate this risk, we plan to work closely with the company tasked with the production of the game to ensure that everything is proceeding according to plan. quality being an absolute priority, we have selectively chosen the company that will produce exceptional quality prints and we are confident that we will be able to ensure a consistent level of high quality for all of our products by monitoring the production process of the cards closely. also, the final challenge will be the distribution of our product. we want to make sure that no matter how many people pledge, every backer receives the product as quickly as possible. thus, every game elements and reward tiers will be kept simple to ensure our product reaches you and you can start playing right away! another challenge would be budgeting. depending on the amount of support from our backers, we will then work diligently in determining the most efficient allocation of funds. this challenge can be easily overcome as we have team members who have finance related backgrounds and will be able to handle this challenge with ease. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 