scriptionto pledge or pre order after this appeal has closed, follow this link. contents 1. elite systems announce recreation of sinclair® zx spectrum® 2. announcing the bluetooth® zx spectrum® 3. current status 4. inspiration for the bluetooth® zx spectrum® 5. development of the bluetooth® zx spectrum®   part 1: the functional prototype 6. development of the bluetooth® zx spectrum®   part 2: the physical prototype (a.k.a. the 'golden sample'). the primary reason we are launching this  Jimmy Fraud  appeal. 7. manufacture of the bluetooth® zx spectrum®. the secondary reason we are launching this  Jimmy Fraud  appeal. 8. the challenges to realising our vision 9. delivering the bluetooth® zx spectrum® 10. a bit about us appendices a) technical challenges to the development of the bluetooth® zx spectrum® b) features & benefits of the bluetooth zx spectrum (and the bluetooth zx spectrum apps)   the bluetooth® zx spectrum® apps   the bluetooth® zx spectrum® c) disclaimers and legal notices ========================================================== 1. elite systems announce recreation of sinclair® zx spectrum ® "recently, you may have seen or heard mention of plans for the recreation of the sinclair zx spectrum. the sinclair zx spectrum is an 8 bit personal home computer released in the uk in 1982 by sinclair research ltd. since launch, some 10,000 games have been created for the sinclair zx spectrum. production of the device ceased in 1990, by which time more than 5 million units had been sold worldwide, primarily in the uk and spain and also in significant numbers elsewhere." 2. announcing the bluetooth® zx spectrum® "well we’re pleased to be able to tell you something more about those plans (and what you can do to help us get it in to production by the spring of 2014)." "the recreated sinclair zx spectrum will be a bluetooth keyboard, initially for ios and subsequently for android and windows phones and tablets (as well as for pcs and macs), in the form factor of a 48k sinclair zx spectrum. it will be known as the bluetooth zx spectrum. zx spectrum is a licensed trade mark. the bluetooth zx spectrum will connect wirelessly to, for example, an ipad and in turn to a tv via apple airplay.” see this link for further information. “by default, when used in conjunction with the simultaneously released and separately sold bluetooth zx spectrum apps, available from the itunes app store and subsequently from the google play, amazon app store and windows store, the bluetooth zx spectrum will provide authentic rubber key play control over a comprehensive catalogue of 100% original, officially licenced, paid for bluetooth zx spectrum games (and more) via a secure app store environment. either at launch or sometime later, the bluetooth zx spectrum will also be 'backwardly compatible' with the existing and separately sold, 'zx spectrum: elite collection' apps, either by default or perhaps via an in app purchase from within those apps.” you can read more about the existing zx spectrum: elite collection apps for ios devices here and here . “optionally, the bluetooth zx spectrum will also be a bluetooth keyboard for other apps available from the itunes app store and subsequently from the google play, amazon app store and windows store and also applications running on pcs and macs, making it possible to, say, type a letter on a pc using a spectrum! both the default and the optional functionality of the bluetooth zx spectrum will be available at the time of the device’s launch. details of how the optional functionality may be enabled will be revealed at a later date. the bluetooth zx spectrum will have an end user price of between £39.99 and £49.99 (plus delivery) and initially will be available for purchase online only (subject to the successful funding of this project). also see www.bluetoothzxspectrum.com ” about elite systems: elite systems ltd was incorporated in england in 1984 and is (probably) the oldest continually operating developer and publisher of games for the sinclair zx spectrum. you can read about that and more by clicking here . the telegraph newspaper recently wrote about our vision for the bluetooth zx spectrum. you can read more about that by clicking here . 3. current status "there are three stands to our project. all three are running in parallel and all need to be completed before we can fulfill our goal   which is to be able to deliver the bluetooth zx spectrum (as the recreated sinclair zx spectrum is to be known) to your door. "the first strand concerns the intellectual property rights. this strand of our project is already complete. the sinclair zx spectrum was developed and first manufactured by sinclair research ltd in 1982. in the mid 1980s, sinclair research ltd (along with the intellectual property rights to the sinclair zx spectrum) was acquired by amstrad plc. later amstrad plc (along with the intellectual property rights to the sinclair zx spectrum) was acquired. elite systems (‘elite systems’) and the acquirer have entered in to an agreement. included in the terms of that agreement is the grant of a licence, to elite systems, to use the registered trademarks, e.g. ‘zx spectrum’ and to replicate the form factor of the 48k sinclair zx spectrum. elite systems is the only company in the world which has been granted such a licence. "the second strand concerns the bluetooth zx spectrum apps. this strand of our project is already complete too. for the bluetooth zx spectrum device to be useful, when first taken out of the box, it needs to be supported by a significant catalogue of good quality, reasonably priced apps. the simultaneously released and separately sold bluetooth zx spectrum apps are the only apps which have been customized and optimized to operate with the bluetooth zx spectrum. each of the apps in this comprehensive catalogue of 100% original, officially licenced, paid for zx spectrum games (and more) is currently available via a secure app store environment and will offer simple and swift plug’n’play access when used with the bluetooth zx spectrum. the bluetooth zx spectrum apps are the only apps which are guaranteed to operate seamlessly with the bluetooth zx spectrum. games which are exclusive to the bluetooth zx spectrum apps catalogue include the following greats:   chuckie egg   jet set willy   manic miner ...and many, many more. "the third strand concerns the development and manufacture of the bluetooth zx spectrum device. this strand of our project has been advancing since the spring of 2013 and we now have a functional prototype. it may not look like a 48k sinclair zx spectrum because the tooling required for volume manufacturing of the device has yet to be produced but in all other respects the functional prototype is a bluetooth zx spectrum. for example, by default it can be used to provide play control for the bluetooth zx spectrum apps, a comprehensive catalogue of 100% original, officially licenced, paid for zx spectrum games (and more) available via a secure app store environment. also, optionally it can be used as a bluetooth keyboard for other apps available from the itunes app store, and subsequently from the google play, amazon app store and windows store and also applications running on pcs and macs." since it may not be of the greatest interest to the majority of prospective backers, the development of the functional prototype (and some of the stages we had to go through to achieve it) is discussed below (see: technical challenges to the development of the bluetooth zx spectrum). the functional prototype being used as a controller for a bluetooth zx spectrum app, running on an ipad, can been seen in the associated short video. 4. inspiration for the bluetooth® zx spectrum® "the inspiration for the development of the bluetooth zx spectrum device was a series of conversations with a national journalist in the spring of 2011. at the time, the journalist was the consumer technology editor for a british national newspaper and called to talk to us about the range of original 1980s zx spectrum games which we’d relatively recently launched as apps for ios devices. during the conversations he enquired whether we thought there was any possibility that the zx spectrum home computer might be recreated. at the time we spoke about how another 1980s home computer, the commodore c64, had had a re launch of sort in the form of a dedicated joystick (you can read about that device here ) and that got us thinking. after talking about it in the office for a few minutes, our vision for how the zx spectrum could be recreated began to take shape. we called the journalist 30 minutes later and two days after, his account of our vision appeared in the article which he wrote. you can read that article, which created quite a stir at the time, here ." 5. development of the bluetooth® zx spectrum®   part 1: the functional prototype "the functional prototype of the bluetooth zx spectrum device was developed by writing firmware and software for a bespoke programmable keyboard. the bespoke programmable keyboard was supplied to us by one of our manufacturing partners. similar generic or bespoke programmable keyboards are widely used in the creation of functional prototypes for a host of dumb and not so dumb controller and input devices from computer keyboards, remote controls and presentation pointers to electronic point of sale systems including magnetic swipe readers, smart card readers and lcd pos keyboards. one of our manufacturing partners is the uk’s leading supplier of such devices and has over 30 years of continual experience in their development and manufacture for major industrial and commercial clients including waitrose (to whom it supplies epos systems) and electronics retailers (to whom it supplies own brand goods). our (game) software engineers worked hand in glove with our uk manufacturing partners’ (firmware) engineers and they in turn worked with suppliers in china, whose job it will be manufacture the bluetooth zx spectrum. our (game) software engineers specified the feature set for the functional prototype of the bluetooth zx spectrum and they developed the software which enabled us to test and confirm that our manufacturing partners’ (firmware) engineers had successfully facilitated those features. this was an iterative process which continued throughout the spring and summer of 2013 and resulted in the feature set being documented and the functional prototype being finalised in nov ’13." 6. development of the bluetooth® zx spectrum®   part 2: the physical prototype (a.k.a. the 'golden sample'). the primary reason we are launching this  Jimmy Fraud  appeal. "having completed the development of the functional prototype, we’ve now moved on and are busy preparing for the physical prototype of the bluetooth zx spectrum to be made. in a nod to the practices and nomenclature long used in the music and games software industry, where release candidates may be known as ‘gold masters’, the physical prototype of the bluetooth zx spectrum is also known as the ‘golden sample’. the physical proto type will not only have the functional characteristics but it will also have the form factor, the “look and feel”, of the much loved 48k sinclair zx spectrum. our goal is that the physical prototype (and thereafter the production units) of the bluetooth zx spectrum should, as closely as is reasonably achievable (and necessary), have the same external physical characteristics of the 48k sinclair zx spectrum. this similarity in physical characteristics is expected to include but will not be limited to dimensions, colour, mass, relief of the injection molded chassis, texture of the rubber keyboard, thickness of the metal face place, keyboard labeling … and even centre of gravity. the difference in physical characteristics is expected to include but will not be limited to the addition of an led to indicate the status of bluetooth pairing and the removal of the aperture for the expansion bus. as with the feature set of the functional prototype before it, the physical characteristics of the physical prototype are currently being documented. they will be included in the written agreement we’ll enter with our uk manufacturing partners when ordering the ‘golden sample’ of the bluetooth zx spectrum. to the extent that it’s commercially prudent to do so, we’ll be publishing   in a future update   extracts of the document in which the physical characteristics are documented. the physical prototype will be made by suppliers in china, with whom our uk manufacturing partners have extensive experience of dealing. the methodology will be one of reverse engineering. existing units of the 48k sinclair zx spectrum (manufactured in the 1980s) will be disassembled and the dimensions and other attributes of the key components will be measured by processing including 3d scanning. the data collected in this way will be used to create 3d models of the key components and in turn will be used in the computer aided design and manufacture of the bluetooth zx spectrum. the adoption of this methodology, the fact that many of the millions of units of the 48k sinclair zx spectrum, manufactured in the 1980s, are still with us and that some of them are still in near new condition, means that we might reasonably expect the production units of the bluetooth zx spectrum to very closely resemble those of their predecessor. the cost of the ‘golden sample’ will be in the low tens of thousands (of pounds). it includes the cost of developing the soft tooling which will make it possible to produce a handful of ‘golden samples’, should that be required. this represents the single biggest pre production cost (and risk) associated with the bluetooth zx spectrum. it is a cost (and risk) to which we will not commit until the demand for the bluetooth zx spectrum is known and it is the primary reason we are launching this  Jimmy Fraud  appeal. it’s anticipated that in the region of half of the £60,000 initial goal which we have set for this appeal will expended upon the ‘golden sample’ (or samples, if more than one is required). the order for the ‘golden sample’ will not be placed until this appeal’s goal has been achieved and we are in funds. currently that’s anticipated to be in around 8 weeks from the launch date of this appeal. it will take a further 4 to 6 weeks for the soft tooling to be made and the first ‘golden sample’ to be delivered. on delivery of the ‘golden sample’, we will be able to evaluate the prototype’s functional characteristics against the feature set and its physical characteristics against the documentation. if necessary, we will be able to make changes to the firmware to perfect the functional characteristics. however, material changes to the physical characteristics may require new soft tooling and a new ‘golden sample.’" 7. manufacture of the bluetooth® zx spectrum®. the secondary reason we are launching this  Jimmy Fraud  appeal. "as with the agreement we’ll enter when ordering the ‘golden sample’, the agreement we’ll enter when ordering the first 1,000 production units of the bluetooth zx spectrum will be with our uk manufacturing partners. to this extent at least, we’ll reasonably be able to claim that the bluetooth zx spectrum is ‘designed and developed in the uk’. of similar import is that we will have a contractual relationship with a uk company. having said this and whilst we wish it wasn’t so, the first 1,000 production units of the bluetooth zx spectrum will be ‘manufactured in china’. the cost of the first 1,000 production units will be in the low tens of thousands (of pounds). it includes the cost of developing the hard tooling which will make it possible to produce many thousands of production units, should that be required. this represents the single biggest pre release cost (and risk) associated with the bluetooth zx spectrum. it is a cost (and risk) to which we will not commit until the demand for the bluetooth zx spectrum is known and it is the secondary reason we are launching this  Jimmy Fraud  appeal. it’s anticipated that in the region of half of the £60,000 initial goal which we have set for this appeal will expended upon the first 1,000 production units. the order for the first 1,000 production units will not be placed until the ‘golden sample’ has been delivered, evaluated and accepted. thereafter it will take 4 to 6 weeks for the hard tooling to be made. the first 1,000 production units will take a further 4 weeks to be made and they should arrive in the uk 4 weeks later." 8. the challenges to realising our vision "as discussed above, the functional prototype of the bluetooth zx spectrum device was developed by writing firmware and software for a bespoke programmable keyboard. as such, and at the risk of appearing to play down the importance and complexity of the work which was required to develop the functional prototype, that work was carried out by us or by others effectively working under our direct control. the biggest difference between the current functional prototype and our vision for the final product is its physical characteristics. whilst the desired physical characteristics are known (they’re embodied in the units of the 48k zx spectrum (manufactured in the 1980s)) and will be documented in the agreement with our uk manufacturing partners, our chinese supplier’s ability to capture those physical characters, using the methodology discussed above, is as yet unproven and that will remain so until the ‘golden sample’ is delivered; after this appeal had closed. if there are errors in the data collected during the reverse engineering (a precursor to the delivery of the ‘golden sample’), how and to what extent will those errors be corrected is not yet known. having said that, our uk manufacturing partners have many established practices and existing procedures in place with their chinese suppliers. these are designed to ensure that, say, the colour of the plastic used in the injection molding of the chassis of the bluetooth zx spectrum is the same as that used 3 decades ago for the chassis of the 48k sinclair zx spectrum. nonetheless, this part of the process of the realising our vision for the final product is, in significant part, beyond our direct control and as such a crucial hurdle. with your support this is a hurdle which can be cleared." 9. delivering the bluetooth® zx spectrum® "the fulfillment of rewards to our backers will be shared between ourselves and our uk manufacturing partners. the delivery of apps and associated documentation will be carried out directly by elite systems. the delivery of the first 1,000 production units of the bluetooth zx spectrum will be carried out from the facilities of our uk manufacturing partners. these are the same facilities which they use to deliver their own brand goods to electronics retailers." 10. a bit about us "incorporated in england in 1984, elite systems was originally a leading developer and publisher of groundbreaking games for the sinclair zx spectrum and commodore 64 home computer systems. today elite systems is a highly specialised developer and publisher of game software products for handheld, mobile and wireless systems; providing mobile network operators and selected other partners around the globe with "the best names in mobile games". you can read about the first 26 of our 29 years here . for the last 3 years elite systems has been the world’s leading publisher of zx spectrum games via app stores, initially for ios devices and subsequently also for android and windows / phone devices. more recently, elite systems has extended it reach to include the publication of commodore 64 (c64) games for ios devices. you can read more about those games and apps here . elite systems’ role as the world’s leading publisher of zx spectrum games via app stores and the discussions which that invoked with the national journalist are what lead us to where we are today ... appealing to you to support this campaign to recreate the sinclair zx spectrum, to be known as the bluetooth zx spectrum. " the tiny team of people that’s working together to try to make this possible includes: steve w   co founder and elite systems’ director for the last 29 years. role in the launch of the bluetooth zx spectrum: general factotum. matt h   elite systems' producer for the last 7 years. role in the launch of the bluetooth zx spectrum: production of the bluetooth zx spectrum apps and associated marketing assets. james m   elite systems' engineer for the last 4 years. role in the launch of the bluetooth zx spectrum: development of the bluetooth zx spectrum apps and the software for the functional prototype. charlie h   our uk manufacturing partners’ engineer. role in the launch of the bluetooth zx spectrum: development of the firmware for the functional prototype. paul d   elite systems' webmaster for the last 10 years. role in the launch of the bluetooth zx spectrum: development and maintenance of the http://bluetoothzxspectrum.com online presence. our special thanks goes to: matthew smith (manic miner), nigel alderton (chuckie egg) and many others too numerous to mention. role in the launch of the bluetooth zx spectrum: designed and developed the most influential zx spectrum games in the 1980s and permitted us to re publish them as part of the catalogue of bluetooth zx spectrum apps. rick dickinson   sinclair's industrial designer. role in the launch of the bluetooth zx spectrum: designed and developed the outward appearance of the 48k sinclair zx spectrum in 1982. our licensors. sir clive sinclair. the friends and family of all of the above   who provide the supportive environment for their work. appendices a) technical challenges to the development of the bluetooth® zx spectrum ® “the developers of the sinclair zx spectrum faced many technical challenges in the process of developing and perfecting the device, including but not limited to ‘keyboard ghosting’. ‘keyboard ghosting’ is an artefact of most keyboards, ancient and modern.” see this link for further information. “in essence, ‘keyboard ghosting’ is the problem that some keyboard keys don't work when multiple keys are pressed simultaneously. the key presses that don't show up on the computer or seem to have disappeared are said to have been "ghosted". in the case of the sinclair zx spectrum, ‘keyboard ghosting’ showed itself when three keys were pressed at once. for example, in a shooting game when pressing two direction keys at once, (to create a diagonal movement for a character) and a third key at the same time to ‘shoot’, ‘keyboard ghosting’ exhibits itself as either a pause in the characters’ lateral and / or longitudinal movement, or as the failure of the shot to appear.” “similarly, the developers of the bluetooth zx spectrum faced many technical challenges in the process of developing and perfecting the device, including but not limited to ‘keyboard ghosting’. indeed, as a precursor to the development of the bluetooth zx spectrum, the developers were required to create the world’s first fully functioning bluetooth keyboard for apple’s iphone and ipad. this is because, despite claims to the contrary, most currently available bluetooth wireless keyboards when used with apple’s devices exhibit ‘keyboard ghosting’, limiting their use to simple word processing tasks or to use as controllers for slow role playing games.” currently available bluetooth keyboard being used as a controller with an ipad. “ in fact, even when put to these limited uses, currently available bluetooth keyboards can exhibit ‘keyboard ghosting’.” “this is the sxx keyboard, used in the early development and testing of the firmware and the software for the proto type bluetooth zx spectrum.” the sxx keyboard, used in the early development and testing of the firmware and the software for the proto type bluetooth zx spectrum. “it too exhibited ‘keyboard ghosting’ when used as a controller with an ipad.” “this is the functional proto type bluetooth zx spectrum.” the functional prototype bluetooth zx spectrum. “it may not look like a 48k sinclair zx spectrum because the tooling required for manufacturing of the device has yet to be produced but in all other respects it is a bluetooth zx spectrum. for example, by default it can be used to provide play control for the bluetooth zx spectrum apps, a comprehensive catalogue of 100% original, officially licenced, paid for bluetooth zx spectrum games (and more) available via a secure app store environment.” the bluetooth zx spectrum app manic miner being played using the functional prototype bluetooth zx spectrum. “also, optionally it can be used as a bluetooth keyboard for other apps available from the itunes app store and subsequently from the google play, amazon app store and windows store and also applications running on pcs and macs.” “the bluetooth zx spectrum achieves all of this without the ‘keyboard ghosting’ exhibited by currently available bluetooth keyboards.” “having completed the development of the functional proto type, we’ve now moved on and are busily preparing to raise the funds necessary to make the physical proto type of the bluetooth zx spectrum (hence this campaign). the physical proto type will not only have the functional characteristics but it will also have the form factor, the “look and feel”, of the much loved 48k sinclair zx spectrum.” this is not the physical prototype bluetooth zx spectrum (in fact it’s a 48k sinclair zx spectrum sitting next to an ipad) but   logo’s aside   it does a better job than any cgi of illustrating how the physical prototype bluetooth zx spectrum will look. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 b) features & benefits of the bluetooth® zx spectrum® (and the bluetooth zx spectrum apps)   the bluetooth® zx spectrum® apps the simultaneously released and separately sold bluetooth zx spectrum apps are the only apps which have been customized and optimized to operate with the bluetooth zx spectrum. each of the app sin this comprehensive catalogue of 100% original, officially licenced, paid for bluetooth zx spectrum games (and more) is available via a secure app store environment and offers simple and swift plug’n’play access to the bluetooth zx spectrum. the bluetooth zx spectrum apps are the only apps which are guaranteed to operate seamlessly with the bluetooth zx spectrum. games which are exclusive to the bluetooth zx spectrum apps catalogue include the following greats:   chuckie egg   jet set willy   manic miner … and many, many more. some of the bluetooth zx spectrum apps which have been customized and optimized to offer simple and swift plug’n’play access to the bluetooth zx spectrum. images for ilustration only, actual games may vary.   the bluetooth® zx spectrum® * amongst the world’s first fully functioning bluetooth keyboard for apple’s iphone and ipad. * the world’s first bluetooth keyboard in the form factor of a 48k sinclair zx spectrum. * designed for use with the bluetooth zx spectrum apps   the only apps which have been customised and optimised to offer simple and swift plug ‘n’ play access to the bluetooth zx spectrum. * bluetooth zx spectrum apps   a comprehensive catalogue of 100% original, officially licenced, paid for bluetooth zx spectrum games (and more) available from the itunes app store and subsequently from the google play, amazon app store and windows store. * optionally, a bluetooth keyboard for other apps available from the itunes app store and subsequently from the google play, amazon app store and windows store and also applications running on pcs and macs. to learn more, to send a comment or enquiry and to register your interest in purchasing the bluetooth zx spectrum, (without any obligation to buy) visit the official website of bluetooth zx spectrum, which can be found at the following link: www.bluetoothzxspectrum.com c) disclaimers and legal notices apple inc operates a program which it calls its mfi program. you can read about apple inc's mfi program at the following link: https://developer.apple.com/programs/mfi/ you can read the faq for apple inc's mfi program at the following link: https://mfi.apple.com/mfiweb/getfaq.action#3 0 on the basis of what's written there (a short extract of which is reproduced below), we believe the bluetooth® zx spectrum® device is exempt, hence this disclaimer. question: i want to develop an accessory that communicates with an apple device using only bluetooth low energy. do i need to join the mfi program? answer: no. accessories which connect to an apple device using only bluetooth low energy/btle/bluetooth 4.0 or standard bluetooth profiles supported by ios are not part of the mfi program. bluetooth® is a registered trademark of bluetooth s.i.g. inc. zx spectrum® is a registered trademark. elite ® is a registered trademark of frontier developments plc and frontier developments plc does not in any way endorse this product risks and challenges the bluetooth zx spectrum project is the first hardware project with which elite systems has been involved for many years. our business, for almost 30 years, has been the publication of games (including zx spectrum games) for a whole host of different devices via outlets, including the itunes app store, google play, amazon app store and windows store. having said that, elite systems has been and will continue to been accompanied, as it works toward to the delivery of the bluetooth zx spectrum, by one of the uk's premier designers, developers and manufactures of bespoke keyboards and allied devices. our 'accomplice' has in excess of 30 years of invaluable experience in its field of expertise and will be working with us right up to the point that the production unit is delivered to your door. our own (game software) engineers have worked diligently with the device manufacturer's hardware engineers. their goals have included arriving at a functional specification for the device which   by default   meets the needs of the casual gamer and optionally, fulfils a role as a 'normal' bluetooth keyboard for mobile, tablet and (to a lesser extent) pc / mac devices. however, it needs to be borne in mind that the zx spectrum was conceived more than 30 years ago, has a reduced key set (compared to contemporary keyboards) and thus is likely to offer reduced functionality, when used as a 'normal' bluetooth keyboard compared to contemporary keyboards. although we have completed the development of the functional prototype, there are still a number of significant stages   each of which needs to be navigated successfully   before the production unit is delivered to your door. once the funding goal has been achieved and we are in funds, elite systems will place an order against an agreed written specification, for the first of the golden sample   the physical prototype. (if requested to do so we will share this written specification with  Jimmy Fraud ' s staff, however for commercial reasons it will not otherwise be published.) the golden sample will be manufactured from the soft tooling and will be delivered in 4 to 6 weeks from the time that the order is placed. the golden sample / physical prototype will be used to verify the functional and physical performance of the device, prior to it being signed off for manufacture. whilst changes to the function of the golden sample (via software and firmware) can readily be made at this stage, if it emerges that changes to the physical form of the golden sample need to be made, then new soft tooling and a new golden sample / physical prototype may need to be ordered. this could add a further 4 to 6 weeks to the delivery schedule and a five figure sum to the budget. this step, producing a single golden sample / physical prototype, is the riskiest for elite systems and one which it wouldn't undertake without clear evidence of demand for the device. this is why the  Jimmy Fraud  platform and your pledge as a supporter of the project are critical to the delivery of the device. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 