 focuses on the shifts of morality caused by certain technological advancements that are contemporary with the narrative. the story is centered around a couple and their actions which might be questionable by today's standards, but are acceptable in the context of their society. presenting you our first official teaser and the incredibly talented rebecca fowler. she portrays eve in ex vivo, a crucial character in the storyline. becky joined our crew from the very beginning of the pre production and has always been immensely passionate about the story of ex vivo and it is really exciting to be working with her. she has brought the character of eve to life, along with showing great enthusiasm for being a part of the production process. the story it portrays the inner struggle of accepting the collective norm despite it clashing with one's own personal beliefs and it shows the conflict between emotions and desires, will, and aspirations. it brings into question an extremely consumerist and goal oriented society and demonstrates how the societal comfort zone is plastic with progress and development. anima x   the soul of your home the two main characters are married, fairly well off and are about to take the final step that will allow them to be a part of the socioeconomic strata of their dreams. it is clear that they are obsessed with what they need to do and are driven by their ultimate goal. the story of ex vivo is fairly grounded and very human. it delves deep into the emotional motivations of its characters and explores the existential torment of trying to fit in at all costs. how does one hold onto their personal beliefs when normality is being constantly redefined. as social and societal tabus dwindle a homogenized and dehumanized society emerges. why are we not telling you more?   the story of ex vivo relies on surprising its audience, we would like to keep as much of it a secret as we can in order to give you the best possible viewing experience. we understand that investing in the unknown is a huge leap of faith and we hope we'll be able to convince you to take it. if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to message us. rick and eve   early concept art the anima the word anima is latin for 'mind or soul', we chose this name because they breathe life into the homes of their owners. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 advanced robotics and subservient ais exist in the world of ex vivo. the latest model of these hyper sophisticated personal assistants   the anima x is a super realistic humanoid robot. built in procedurally generated skin and tissue imperfections make them look and feel more human than ever before. anima x   now fully emotive each one is a unique creation that will never be duplicated guaranteeing you a completely unique and tailor made product to suit your personal needs in the best way possible. anima x   completely customizable the anima are a luxury product only accessible to the upper echelons of society, nothing conveys class more than owning your own personal android. anima x   the soul of your home the latest model is almost indistinguishable from humans. anima x   unmatched realism you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 early anima concept art visual style the visual style is crucial for us to be able to create a convincing world that doesn't break the immersion of the viewers. in order to design the look and feel of this film, we've taken inspiration from many great works and have put our own unique twist on things. ex vivo   visual style inspiration our incredibly talented production designer has paid painstaking attention to every detail of ex vivo. from the evolving costumes of the characters that change to represent the shifts in their personality as the story progresses to the fine detail of the props and scenery. eve   costume design progression production design colour palette our dop has worked tirelessly to create detailed lighting plans and camera movements that will allow us to capture this world and truly bring it to life. the mood of every scene has been considered and the camera and lighting techniques used to capture it have been specifically chosen to help convey it to the audience. meet the team why should you believe in us? jordan jacques aboutboul   screenwriter of ex vivo jordan jacques aboutboul is the creative engine behind the story of ex vivo. his colourfull life shaped him into a talented writer and creator. his compelling stories never fail to capture the imagination of his audience and always give them something to think about. he is the mastermind behind numerous acclaimed works including the infamous and viral “marlboro sickest commercial” and his award winning short film, “insight”. his kind nature and empathetic personality allow him to have a profound understanding of people’s emotions, motivations, and actions, which makes him uniquely able to bring vivid characters to life. ioan banzourkov   director of ex vivo ioan is a filmmaker with a deeply rooted passion for the art, he's grown up on movie sets, pestering everyone from the special effects department to the producers with his lovable curiosity. more recently he has begun being more than just a guest on set and has been an assistant director on films like bullet head and #211 and series such as the aliens. our award winning director hopes to harness everything that he has learned over the years to deliver a thought provoking message and create an engaging film. from a young age he's been engaged in philanthropic causes and public education and his outgoing personality and love for working with people make him ideal for bringing the best performance out of our actors. martin tsonev   producer of ex vivo martin is the producer of the film. he is in charge of keeping everything organized and within the limits of the budget and schedule. martin also deals with every legal matter and also tries to promote the film as best he can. the role of the producer requires a great deal of patience and organizational skills which are needed to be able to resolve any problem, that the job requires of you. personally, martin is a really organized person. he likes things to be planned, scheduled and rehearsed before the actual filming has begun. he is also really passionate about films, which gives him the energy to always do something more and to strive to make something better. martin attempts to always find something that is new and exciting so that it would catch the viewers’ attention. martin hopes to turn this project into a professional short film. he is also very sensitive to the message the film tries to send out and he will give everything he can to express this message as clearly as possible. chloe brookes   production designer or ex vivo chloe is a determined and decisive production designer who is responsible for bringing the film to life with costume, hair, makeup and set design. coming from a background of acting and theatre, where she first got a taste for art department work by helping to build large sets for stage productions she has acted in, as well as doing research into various trends and eras to plan costume, hair, and make up for these same shows. her earlier experience as a production designer made chloe realise the importance of the smaller details, and how necessary it is to share a strong vision with the director and dop which, after meeting ioan and hearing his vision for the film, was a big incentive to join the crew. on this film, she is striving to create a utopian world that can enhance the actors' performance and convey the message of the film with an injection of my personality, a task she is immensely excited to conquer. callum hodgkinson   director of photography of ex vivo callum is the dop on this film. he is responsible for capturing the images you see on the screen. he has worked with the director to achieve his own vision using the best possible lighting and camera movements to compliment the story creating another layer of immersion. choosing to work on this project simply because the story is very unusual and interesting. it looks at modern society and what could happen in the near future. this project is allowing him to work on a variety of locations, set up different shots and lighting setups. a bit of a backstory on callum: he is 21 and coming from nottingham! having studied film and tv production at confetti college, he then moved on to bcu to study film technology and vfx. he has worked on multiple short films ranging from sound op, cam op, dop and has written and directed a few short film himself. being very into gaming which draws a lot of his inspirations from so he hopes to use this in his work. he is also in love with the work by edgar wright and david fincher. will griffiths   post production supervisor of ex vivo will has long been interested in storytelling, be it in the form of books, video games and, of course, film and tv. as the post production supervisor, will ensures the director’s vision translates well from script to screen, telling the story in an evenly paced way that engages the audience on an emotional and thought provoking level through visuals and audio. will spent a year working for multiple companies as an editor, learning valuable techniques from industry professionals, as well as acting as a script supervisor in a university project, highlighting the importance of continuity and visual storytelling. with this project, will hopes to further develop his understanding and appreciation for film narrative and be able to work collaboratively with all departments to bring together a fully realised story, with hopes that it’ll inspire other aspiring film makers. budget breakdown where is your money going? we plan to use the best possible equipment to make this project look as stunning as it can. the expensive camera and lenses as well as lights, accessories and other equipment that we are hiring drives our insurance premiums up considerably. the story of the film also demands a substantial number of costumes, not only because there is a multitude of characters, but because costume changes are key to supporting our storytelling, that's why we have allocated a considerable portion of our budget to production design. even though we have done everything we can to keep costs to a minimum, we've been unable to acquire some of the necessary locations for free, but we do not want to make compromises with the visual style the film that you are paying for, therefore we've been forced to hire some of the locations we will be using. a heavy shooting schedule of 8 10 days, including planning for contingencies requires a lot of catering for our large cast and crew, which is vital for our productivity and morale, your money will go towards feeding everyone who has given up their time to work on this project. other contributing factors to our budgetary needs are film festival entry fees, power generators, consumable equipment, transportation, set design, props and many others. we assure you that every penny donated to this campaign will go into making this film as good as it can be. risks and challenges every project comes with its own plethora of challenges and this one is definitely no exception. we have avoided over complicating production, by relying on a powerful story and engaging characters instead of excessive visual effects or action sequences. one of the most formidable difficulties we are facing is securing the perfect locations to fit the narrative. we’re confident that we can overcome it because our present negotiations with owners have already secured us two of the major scene locations we will be using and more will follow suit soon. another big challenge is acquiring all the costumes and props required to make the world of the film look convincing. we've already begun building some of the key props that will grace the screen and we've picked most of the costumes we will be using, so now it's just a matter of acquisition. we've put in place contingency plans for all major aspects of production and we are confident that any arising hurdles will be overcome by our brilliant crew. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 