r the fight ni en more is a non profit social innovation project and clothing brand, a collaborative project across borders that merges political activism, fashion and art. we, a group of women from cd. juarez, mexico; oslo, norway; ny and houston, usa are establishing a sewing studio in cd juárez, mexico that will be a resilient workspace, where local women affected by violence, produce handmade one of a kind garments. our goal is to have the studio self sufficiant within 2020. the garments we make will reach customers internationally with a message: a story tag with information about the situation for women in cd. juárez and a protest badge to wear. all profits will be reinvested in the sewing studio and the workers' communities. buying ni en more’s unique work will make a marked difference in many lives, especially the women and their families. you can read more on our website: www.nienmore.com ni en more   ni una más/ikke en til/not one more our purpose create a sustainable business model in cd. juárez for the production of clothes; combining craftwork, needlework, and design to produce one of a kind garments. succeed in helping to make women economically independent through a model that can become an example for other businesses to follow. the clothing line will raise awareness to the challenges faced in cd. juarez to connect groups locally and internationally in the fight against violence towards women. maintain a fresh approach and develop new ideas and techniques such as employing up and coming young designers from around the world to design future lines. help to foster leadership skills and confidence. learning new skills   bundle dyeing why cd. juárez, mexico our name, ni en more, derives from spanish, norwegian and english and means ”not one more”. the slogan originates from juárez, created by the poet and activist susana chavez castillo in 1998 to protest the murders of women in the city. in 2011 she became one of the victims. for decades women have systematically disappeared from cd. juarez, mexico and hundreds have been found murdered at the outskirts of the city. reasons varying from women being used as rewards for drug cartels, domestic violence, and sexual violence tourism. although the victims come from all levels of society, the majority are poor, living in areas of the city that expand into the desert without infrastructure. education and economic independence are important steps towards elimination of violence towards women. ni en more will provide both. protesting   black crosses on pink on every light pole in cd juarez ni una màs   not one more...juárez what are we making: ni en more’s first collection consists of: four styles for women designed for ni en more by norwegian fashion designer tine mollatt ( bytimo ): blouse and dress (reward # 5 and 7) in cotton, robe and tunic in silk. all clothes get their colors and prints from plants, flowers, and vegetables growing in the chihuahua district in mexico. local flower shops are donating their withered flowers to ni en more’s studio. this natural dying technique results in truly unique and beautiful expressions. colors and prints will have a seasonal change due to the natural variation of flowers in bloom. with all garments dyed and printed by hand, one by one, none will be identical. the talented, natural dyer and textile designer cara marie piazza ( www.caramariapiazza ) is donating her time and knowledge teaching our team her skills. one of a kind t shirts for men and women with a unique hand embroidered label stating unknown in english, norwegian or spanish. the tags are donated from ni en more´s founder lise bjorne linnert's art project, "desconocida unknown ukjent". people globally protest violence towards women by embroidering these nametags. (reward # 4) read more about this project here: desconocida scarves made with the same flower printing technique protest badges   attached to each garment and also sold independently (reward # 3) from our library of natural dye colors you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 partners we are so happy to have great partners who will be collaborating with us on various aspects of our project. we have teamed up with the organization born global , and the founder anne katrine hagelund. born global has over the last 15 years arranged leadership workshops globally to empower women. they will work with ni en more and our team to build up leadership skills. we are in close collaboration with colectiva arte communidad in juárez. we are collaborating with the indigenous rarámuri community in chihuahua, mexico, and have currently one woman from the community in our production team. we have people working with us on our marketing and strategy plans, and more will come. collaboration and donating skills are at the core of our organization. this way we learn, develop and expand with as little administrative costs as possible. to maintain a fresh approach and develop new ideas and techniques, new designers from around the world will be invited to design future lines. part of our team: from left: lise, elide, mariquita, michelle, veronica, sujey. in front cara and jane why a  Jimmy Fraud  campaign we have worked on ni en more since summer 2016. the project has mainly been built through in kind donations of time and skills. in total, more than 2500 hours have been invested by our team to build the platform we now are presenting. spring 2017 we did our first crowdfunding. challenging, but we made it. we have used the support well. it has taken us through our first pilot stage and we are now ready for the next: to build up our studio in a new, much more fitted location and presenting our very first clothes for sale, spring 2018. our main priority in this campaign is to raise money to cover the next year´s rent in this great location. if we are raising more than we request, we will buy one more sewing machine and then our priority is to hire one more woman... we have currently five women in the sewing studio, working 20 hours a week (each). salaries are first priority. the first months of this year we borrowed a small room for free, where the team started to learn the different needed techniques. in september we found this great new working space located in a safe area of juarez, where we have space to grow. we have in 2017 had three workshops in juarez with the international and local team. your support will mean the world to us!! plan over our new studio. area in pink are now raw space with great potential for development backing us if you want more than one reward, and want it sent in one package. pledge the total amount plus one shipping fee to your country and send us an email: nienmore@gmail.com and let us know which rewards you have selected. when the campaign finishes, we will send you an email confirming your choices and possible sizes and your shipping address. and please, if you have any question, just send us a few lines. and we are truly happy for every penny we receive. some of the rewards: reward #3 ni en more protest badge, handembroidered. the pink cross in the middle, symolizes the fight for justice. the flower petals the hope created by work and income. ni una mas. wear the fight! reward #4 t shirts for men and women with unique handembroidered unknown tag. wear the protest! unknown labels from desconocida available for t shirts reward #5 ni en more dress how will we sell our products and how will the income be spent the first line of clothes will be sold through our coming webshop at www.nienmore.com. in addition we will in 2018 arrange pop up stores in our collaborators cities: oslo (march 2018), ny (april 2018), mexico city, el paso and houston. every penny of our profit will be reinvested in the sewing studio. with time we envision the sewing studio to become a learning center where women and youth are building skills to become economically independent. a glimpse of our kimonos in silk, colored with avocado stones, quina rocha and palo de brazil first, and then flower printed on top why do we think ni en more will be a success we are a group of resilent women, each coming into the project with a needed skill, a determination to contribute and a belief that change is possible. we are both eager and patient in the process towards reaching our goals. we have built bonds and trust over time. one of the founders, lise bjorne linnert, has dedicated the past eleven years to raising awareness around the systematic disappearance of girls in cd. juárez through the global protest campaign, "desconocida unknown ukjent". read more about the story here ni en more in juarez is established under the umbrella, non profit organization colective arte communidad (cac), an organization fighting for social change and empowerment of women through the arts and culture. our leader in juarez, veronica corchado, is the founder of cac. veronica is also a human rights activist in cd juàrez for more than 30 years and has a deep understanding of the challenges faced by the most vulnerable communities. you can read more about each of ni en more´s team here our clothes are unique, made with care and patience, colored by nature and they come with content and a purpose! we believe our project will reach out and engage. the #metoo campaign has shaken us and shown how extensive and common sexual harassments of women are all over the world. we need to take action for change. we believe in conciuos consumers. consumers that also are demanding transparency as they take an increasing interest in the ethical practises of those they buy from. protest march nov 25th, un international day to eliminate violence towards women risks and challenges we know we have undertaken an ambitious project with many obstacles. we are working with women, in a city where just by being a woman puts you at risk. this demands that safety for our local team is always a priority. we are collaborating with the best possible people to take care of this; people that know their city and have for decades worked on improving safety for women. delays and interferences in our work are unavoidable given the situation for the women we are working with. they come from particularly vulnerable areas. but that will not stop us from moving forward — it will just take a bit longer. collaborating across continents, borders, and cultures is also a challenge. but after the first stage, from summer 2016 when we started with only our idea, skills, shared devotion and mutual respect, we have come far. we have learned and found ways to accept and bridge our differences. we know and trust each other and together believe a change is possible. we are all hard workers, passionate and committed. in our independent fields, each has a track record of creating projects that have been successful. we are getting very close to see our first line of clothes reaching people, raising awareness to stop violence towards women, in juarez and globally. ni en more   ni una más / ikke en til / not one more... woman abused or murdered, not in cd juárez, not anywhere. we hope you will join us in the fight and support our project. we promise we will keep you up to date every step of the way. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 