escriptionthank you for visiting our  Jimmy Fraud  campaign! we are two aspiring entrepreneurs from the midwest, and we believe we have an idea that will change the way you shop forever. we invite you to read about our project and learn more about our goals. check out our website at www.totlly.com , ask us questions, and provide your feedback. if you find that totlly is a project worthy of your support, please don’t only donate money, but spread the word as well – our project will never reach its funding goal without your help, and we appreciate it more than you know. fyi: our name is pronounced just like the word totally . the whats what we are working on put simply, totlly is an app that allows you to create a shopping list, and then tells you what store in your area has the best price for your entire list. totlly turns your ordinary shopping list into an intelligent shopping list on your smartphone. we have all seen the commercials on tv where retailers dare us to compare their prices to those of their competitors. every company claims their prices are the lowest, and very few of us have time to compare prices to find out who is actually telling the truth. in the end, most people always shop at the same store. it’s just too much work to figure out what store has the best deal for the exact items you need every time you go shopping. this is where totlly will help – when you create your shopping list with totlly, it will find the prices for the items on your list at stores in your area. with totlly, you know you are getting the best deal possible on the items you need. one of america’s largest retailers recently released an app that allows you to scan your receipt after you shop at their store, and if their app finds a lower price in a local competitor’s printed ad the app refunds the difference to you in the form of an in store credit. their app has two major downsides – it only considers prices from printed ads, and in order to use it you have to shop at their store. not only does totlly consider prices that are not released in print ads, it also allows you to do your shopping at the store with the best prices. this means you can give your business to the store that earned it by having the lowest prices, which often gives you the chance to support your local economy. totlly has made it our goal to support local retailers by including as many of them as possible in our price database. we plan to partner with small and medium sized retailers, so that our users have access to a price database that is as comprehensive as possible, giving them more accurate results than currently possible and allowing them to support their local economies. pricing data for most large retail chains is already publicly available, but this is not the case for most small and medium local retailers. once we have constructed a large database of local retailers, we plan to make their pricing data available to other apps in addition to our own, so that more apps can support local retailers. when you support totlly, you are supporting your local economy. what we envision we envision an app that will allow consumers to save money while supporting their local economy. we want our users to know they are shopping at the store in their area with the best price for their list every time they go shopping. our goal is to create an app that is extremely simple to use and includes more retailers in search results than anything presently available. we want you to wonder how you ever knew where to shop before totlly. the whys why our app will stand out your whole list   totlly doesn’t just tell you where to find the best price for a single item, it tells you where to find the best price for your entire list . simple user interface   everyone makes a shopping list when they go shopping. making your shopping list with totlly will be as easy as creating a list on paper. support your local economy   we want to give the little guys a chance to compete. we know that sometimes a large retail chain will have the best price for your list, but we want our users to know that when they use totlly their local retailers are being considered in addition to the big guys. why we decided to do this never wonder again what store has the best price for your list. 4 years ago, when michael moved out of his parents’ house, he had to go grocery shopping for the first time. he made his shopping list, but then it struck him – he didn’t know which store he should go to. michael ended up at the closest store to his apartment, but he couldn’t stop wondering if another store would have been cheaper. this is when michael came up with the idea for totlly. at that time the technology needed to make totlly work was not available. today the technology is available, all we need now is your support to make totlly a reality. why we need your support we think our idea is a good one, but in today’s world it takes hard work and money to get anything done. we will bring the hard work, but we still need your financial help, and here’s why: app – we want to bring our users an impressive working app as soon as we possibly can. we plan on making the app available on multiple platforms, and with just one programmer this will be difficult to accomplish quickly. we plan to use a portion of our goal to hire help so we can work on multiple platforms at the same time in order to speed the process up. legal fees – we plan on partnering with local retailers so we can make their pricing data available, but in order to do so we will need a legal agreement. we need to hire a lawyer to draft up this agreement. also, right now we have patent pending protection on totlly, but in early 2015 we will need to file for a full patent. we will need to hire a lawyer to assist with our patent application. the hows how it will work totlly will combine real time pricing information (including sales, specials, and discounts for reward & loyalty programs) and user information (user’s product preferences, location, and travel distance requirements) to find the best possible list price in the user’s area. totlly brings together real time pricing information and user preferences to make saving money quick and easy. we are surprised that an app like ours doesn’t exist – yes, we made sure. pricing information from large retailers is already publicly available, it just isn’t being used in this way. we plan to build the backend necessary to collect pricing data from small local retailers, so that we can include them in our price search in addition to large national retail chains. this way, we can be sure our users are getting the best deal in town. the pricing data that we collect alongside the pricing data that is already publicly available will allow us to provide you a comprehensive search for the best deal in your area. how we will make it happen hard work and gallons of coffee! we are going to use the money we raise to hire programming help so we can build totlly faster, and also to acquire the legal services we need. john received his computer science b.s. from indiana university, and he has the necessary database and programming experience to make totlly happen. with your support, we will be able to hire more professional programmers, which will allow us to bring totlly to the public much sooner. we plan on building a beta version of totlly as quickly as we can, so that we can take on beta users and use their feedback to fine tune our app. once beta testing is complete we plan to release totlly to the public! we plan to work night and day to bring totlly to users as soon as possible. michael has a b.a. degree in economics from the university of south florida, so he has the expertise to work out all of the legal and business issues involved in the creation of totlly. however, we will still need to hire a lawyer who can assist with all the necessary paperwork, which is why we need your support. risks and challenges this is a multi faceted project with a lot of room for unexpected difficulties. we know we will run into programming issues along the way – unforeseen programming challenges make it difficult to determine an exact timeline for availability. we plan to work with users in the early stages of app development to make sure we end up with a product that is easy to use and works well. it is difficult to plan exactly how long this process will take, since the process will rely so heavily on user feedback. no matter what challenges we may face, we are confident that we can bring users an indispensable product in a timely manner. thank you for taking the time to learn about totlly, and thank you in advance for your support! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 