s/description“practising mindfulness can give more insight into emotions, boost attention and concentration, and improve relationships.”  mentalhealth.org.uk what is the 'inner space'? it is a non profit immersive sensory experience designed and delivered by us for you to enjoy. an invitation for anyone to stop and take the opportunity to be present in this moment. it is a call so people can break free from their hectic, stressful lives and improve their mental health quality. and yes, it's free! our intention is to provide this installation as a pop up event for a week in december. first in glasgow, then in london. but we wouldn't be afraid to travel to other locations if we are successful! what is the midfulness pod? mindfulness pod itself is the central element of our vision. we are working on the prototype and here is where you come in to help us bring our vision to life! you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 we are sure it will be an extensive learning curve to bring our vision and the mindfulness pod to life. but we are passionate and determined and not afraid of the cahllenges! the pod's frame itself is the structure of a polytunnel. don't you feel like you are growing through the meditation and mindfulness? yes, we thought this is the case! polytunnel structure as a frame we plan to cover this structure with three layers of fabric to provide you with a sound isolation, the inside being covered with felt so it's nice and cosy and also gentle to touch as we strive to provide you with the best and most calming sensory experiences. the pod is part of the installation. outside will be a reception area and we will provide the locker so you can freely enjoy the 'inner space' experience and relax without worrying about the safety of your personal belongings. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 inside the mindfulness pod inside the pod, there is a comfortable mattress and plenty cushions and pillows, and even a meditation seat so you can feel as comfortable as possible while relaxing, meditating and enjoying the sensory experiences. or even napping! are you wondering what kind of sensory experiences you will encounter inside? our three talented sound artists will put their creativity together to provide you with a soothing audiovisual experience, achieved through a quality equipment. you will be able to listen to guided mindfulness and meditation audio or enjoy calming ambient soundtracks while focusing on projected images on the ceiling of the pod. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 we also want to give you a chance to enjoy aroma therapy of your choosing, using a diffuser. everything inside the pod is a trigger to help people perceive what they are feeling, stay focused in the present moment and be more content with their lives. when? the project will be delivered by xmas, the perfect time of the year to reflect on why we get so crazy instead of enjoying the time we spend with friends and family. perhaps, it is a moment where we need to be more aware of our feelings instead of shopping. where will you find the mindfulness pod? as mentioned above, the experience will be first available in glasgow and london in december. we want to make this experience as accessible as possible to everyone. so we are going to you where you are the busiest   shopping malls, train stations, etc. we have already an interested partner  bucha galleries in glasgow. bucha galleries, glasgow do you want to visit the 'inner space' at the time of your choosing? no problem! all you have to do is book your slot on eventbride or, if you just check availability trough dm on messenger, we will get to you straight away. once you have your slot, come to the pod, lock your things and our receptionist will guide you in and out so you can have the best experience. who are we we are a creative international team based in uk, london and glasgow. at the moment we are studying different areas like sound design, composing, communication design, painting and printmaking, publishing, sound art, digital media art in university of the arts london, glasgow school of art and the royal conservatoire of scotland. we have been brought together by this project and we all are passionate about making the world a better place and promoting a more mindful way of living. why do we care? “i find that mindfulness helps with anxiety and helps to return focus towards stressful tasks and situations.”  paul “during my undergrad i was harsh on myself. i wanted to be a perfect person. for a long time i have lived in self blame and fear. mindfulness helped me to live in the present and accept myself.”  jingjing "i have bennefited myself of mindfulness practices in the last 10 years. it helps me go trough tuff times in life, to overcome anxiety and trust the process of life. i wish the world to be a more mindful place."  ana "i care about mindfulness because i would love to be able to experience life on a more moment to moment basis, to be present and aware more, it's something that i find very difficult. i feel the necessity of mindfulness often goes unnoticed. "   rosie "being in the present moment helps me to appreciate my life more. life is so fast paced that often we forget to stop and breath in the air, notice that the season that has changed or say a kind, loving word to our dear ones."  aiva we want as many people as possible to benefit from mindfulness. we believe the world could be a better place. please, help us to make this place real. it could make a big difference in the world by helping people to feel more aware of their emotions, improving mental health and relationships in this fast paced busy world, where people rarely have the opportunity to take some time in the inner space pod. risks and challenges at this time, most of us are full time and part time students from london and glasgow. along with the studies, we have to hold part time jobs to ensure our well being and roofs over our heads. we are passionate about making the world a better place! but we are also passionate about our studies. yes, this includes those long and tedious essays with extensive research! and more fun activities like hanging out with our friends and building networks for future projects! this joint project across the country is an additional learning curve to our existing commitments. and, yes, we are ready to commit ourselves to this as well. however, it means that there are possibility of delays in delivering this project to you and your community! and sometimes we would have to put an essay deadline first. at the same time, there might be a group member who would have to choose to put their final degree year first. yes, we are creative. a creative bunch! however, we don’t have experience in making mindfulness pods before. we have the vision, the drive, and willingness to try and work things out. and we want you to bear with us and help us through our process. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 