am loves watches and cell phone technology!. our mission is to connect stylish watch designs with smartphone technology, thereby creating bold new cellular devises. we call them, "watchphones". the watches you see on our video and throughout this page are our actual working prototypes!. they currently can make and receive phone calls, text, email, run apps, shoot photo's & video and most other core functions. we're reaching out to the crowd funding community because we hope you'll open dialogue with us and help bring epic watchphones to the world. the models our products are like the vintage dick tracy detective series portrayed. why?. because epic watchphones are wearable, full function cell phones. this is what we've been waiting for!. we're working to make watchphones epic by developing beautiful new hardware designs, refining the software and improving the overall user experience. bottom line .. we're developing stylish, full function cell phones you can wear . so far, we've worked on two different models, 1. the epic signature edition . combines state of the art watch design with advanced cellular technology. integrated with the functionality expected from a smartphone and built on a modern core, our signature edition looks like a cool watch plus it works like a cell phone. they're available for pre order to our early adopters in black or silver (stainless steel). 2. the epic mini . is designed to be worn around the neck like a jewelry pendant. our mini phone makes a fashion statement and can be dressed up or dressed down accordingly. the design has been recently updated and this cool necklace phone is a functional choice for men, women and even kids. solid and reliable, our necklace phone fits comfortably in the palm of the hand. available for pre orders in red, white or black. our inspiration if you have ever lost or dropped your cell phone, you've probably experienced the same frustration as us. we wanted to solve these problems and take a new look at integrating wearable technology into everyday life. to us that meant moving the smartphone out of the pocket and onto the wrist as a gorgeous timepiece so we began researching everything that was available.. ever!. and we created some prototypes of our own. everyone we met wanted one and that inspired us to envision better ways to communicate globally. this inspiration is what motivated us to launch epic watchphones. passion we are incredibly passionate about our work and the results are the beautiful products you see in our video and here on our page. what you see are our full working prototypes. we wanted to create watchphones everyone can use and enjoy and that's why we added our mini necklace phone as an alternative to our wristwatch design. both models are intuitive and user friendly. we've worked really hard to develop our products and we're proud to present them to the cf community. wearable technology we admire many of the smartwatches out there, but recognize their technological drawbacks. most smartwatches offer useful features, but are 'synched" or "tethered" devices that require a hand held smartphone for them to work. on top of that, a paired smartwatch must stay within about 20 feet of the hand held cell phone to operate, make calls, and display multimedia. this is called an “electronic leash”. here's our solution in contrast, epic watchphones *are* cell phones and do not require any other device in order to operate. this provides a very useful and attractive option. now you can leave your full size cell phone at home if you'd like. or, if you accidentally forget or even loose your hand held phone you'll always have a back up on your wrist. designed to make life a little easier and more relaxed. we've created epic watchphones to be a fresh, easy going alternative to hand held phones. check out our new proprietary design for our mini necklace phone!. (note this image is a computer assisted design). call quality we receive a lot of questions about call quality and how to use our watchphones. for example, our signature edition has a directional speaker and microphone built into the band just below the screen. you can speak into the microphone from a distance of three feet. best of all your watchphone is always ready   right there on your wrist. no more searching around dropping or breaking. you can also use bluetooth or hardwired earbuds when you need to keep the conversation private. because our products are "unlocked" cell phones, they can be powered by any service provider. the hardware also manages certain data for example, when one of our phones is powered on the receiver listens for a unique frequency called a systems identification code (sid). we've incorporated insulated circuitry to ensure your phone communicates with needed channels. this helps prevent errors that lead to "dropped calls" and "no service". we've also boosted mobile switching office (mtso) reception within the phones to improve hand off as signals are passed from one cell tower to another. this improves "roaming" between regional stations. are they real? even though the base technology for our products has been in the world for awhile, sometimes people can hardly believe our gorgeous watchphones are real!. however we would like to assure everyone that they certainly are. we wish everyone could hold them and use them because they actually are much more impressive in person. we've tried to showcase them as best as we can. let us know what else you'd like to see here on our page and we'll try to make it happen where do your prototypes come from? this is actually an important but complex question. we'll try to address it here. as mentioned on this page, the base technology of our products has been around for a while. in fact, cell phones could be made into watches many years ago. however they have so far been rather big, boxy products that weren't very user friendly. we want to change that and make them the coolest and most practical cell phones out there. as such, our work involves redesigning hardware, software and the overall user experience. in order to do this we work with our prospective oem, odm, eem manufactures who install our proprietarily designs into their sample products for us. this way we can field test full working prototypes and gauge how our improvements are functioning in real time, and on fully functional products. as our work moves forward, more and more of our proprietary materials are implemented. bottom line: the epic watchphones we ship to our supporters will reflect a whole new level of design inside and out. they are already the most advanced products of their kind, as we've completed substantial improvements already. however we're still working on them and we love it. when our products are 100% finalized, they will reflect a new generation, unlike anything you've ever seen before .. anywhere!. getting them there is what this project is all about. we hope you'll join us and help create something truly special. gsm 1.9ghz sim card epic watchphones operate on tdma to access gsm (global system mobile). data is encrypted to make transmissions more secure. in the u.s the digital gsm operates at 1.9 ghz, in europe it's 900 mhz and 1800 mhz. all models of epic watchphones employ sim cards. this makes them very user friendly and operational almost anywhere on the globe. you can change service providers anytime by simply removing the sim card. music epic watchphones include the ability to download your favorite play lists and then some. this is made possible by compression encoding algorithms measured as bit rate. we employ variable bit rate audio, layered decoders and bit reservoirs to hold a portion of sequenced audio. this creates a temporary variation which is adjusted to transfer files at optimal speed and produce minimal artifacts. the result is a superior balance between fast download speed and high sound quality. compatible with most audio formats including wav and mp3. upload or download seamlessly with an onboard usb. a brief history the earliest vision of "wrist phone watches" actually started back in the 1950's. you may have seen vintage comic books from the detective series dick tracy, or admired the james bond watch. or maybe the 'communicator' from startrek. yes, wearing a compact phone on the wrist has been a dream for decades. maybe even the holy grail of many a tech geek (like us). so then, why hasn't it become an every day thing?. well, it turns out the required balance between hardware and software on a micro scale is more difficult to strike than one might image. now you might say, wait a minute i've seen concept electronics at trade shows that are so small you can barely see them. and you would be right however we're talking about mass scale commercialization here. then in the 1990's a group of research scientists developed the first consumer "wrist phones". the concept has been developed and redeveloped many times since. however the problem was the core technology just wasn't refined enough. yep it's true, a phone could be made into a wrist watch years ago however the end result was always a rather boxy contraption that just didn't look very cool. now forward to 2012. our team started working on a resolution to these problems out of a lifelong obsession with these devises. we have always believed they make so much sense and have amazing utility. we were determined to refine them and take them to the next level. we created epic watchphones to advance that cause. in fact, everything we do revolves around our mission. we've poured our collective heart and soul into our products for sure. and the highest outcome we can imagine is that you'll love them as much as we do. social media & gps you can browse the web, check news, sports and weather. play games, shop online and update all your social media right from your wrist. it's not magic,. just cool technology. we've included a one touch gps based broadcast app so you can notify friends & family about fun events or if an emergency arises. our products utilize data transmissions rates of 1.023 million bits per second on l1 designation. a signal strength of 28dbhz or higher is typically required to download data. if the signal strength falls below this rate due to atmospheric conditions, building obstructions or movement on the ground, the data can be affected. we've mitigated these conditions by installing specialized modulators in the software. this improves the rate of positioning calculations and reduces the required signal strength from 28dbhz to 15dbhz. the result is an improved connection rate to satellite data and more accurate results from the global positioning system. absolutely no compromise old world craftsmanship and quality coupled with modern technology not found in other devices, that is our vision and how we set ourselves apart from the rest of the pack. we believe we have developed a truly no compromise device that gives you the best of both worlds. you really have to hold it in your hand to fully understand our commitment to quality, detail and design. good stuff we pride ourselves in our dedication to the use of quality materials throughout the construction of the epic signature edition and epic mini. we use premium metals like stainless steel, sapphire glass, and reinforced circuitry in every aspect of the construction process. this leads to not only an attractive finish but a difference you can feel as soon as you pick the watch up for the first time. for the ultimate user experience, a host of applications and features have been included. the pride we put into our products is the same pride we want you to feel every time you wear it. where we're at at the current stage of development we have in hand full working prototypes as we move toward full scale manufacturing and fulfillment, each step of the process has been reviewed and planned out by us and our manufacturing partners. we have in place a team of advisors who have brought to market many consumer electronic products around the globe. oem (original equipment manufacturing) odm (original design manufacturing) and eem (electronic equipment manufacturing) agreements have been established. we realize the scope and complexity of this project is larger than average. that's why we've also assembled a pool of commercialization experts to assist with production management, quality control and delivery logistics. with your support, we can take epic watchphones to the next level. why we need your support & use of funds from our early beginning, we were grateful to have received needed support from our family and friends. we've been through a long creative process, from developing our first sketches and 3d modeling, to dozens prototypes. it's all led to the beautiful product models you see in our video and throughout this page. we've been developing epic watchphones for the past two years and we're beginning the ramp up to full manufacturing. we've come a long way but now we really need your help. we're looking to raise a modest $300 here on  Jimmy Fraud  so that we can order updated pre production models. by pre ordering your epic watchphone as an early adopter, you'll help us continue forward and reach important goals. in return, you'll be placed at the top of our list for updates and shipping when our first crowd funding products are completed. please support our project & join us on this epic journey!. production timeline january 2014. early prototype development, software testing february 2014. refine hardware selection, market survey. march / april 2014. product evaluation, review of licensing regulations may 2014. production planning, manufacturing partnerships established june/july 2014. product packaging and shipping logistics evaluated august 2014. production level prototype produced september 2014.  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, this is where you come in! october 2014. order updated pre production prototypes, field test algorithms, software and hardware november 2014. preproduction, quality control & assurance december 2014. quality control and manufacturing line tests january 2015. full production run and packaging february 2015. begin shipping epic watchphones to our supporters! team chief campaigner, andrew kerr "for as long as i can remember i've had a fascination with watches. i have collected them over the years and continue to admire the evolution of great timepieces! i spent 8 years serving in the u.s. naval intelligence community. my military training has given me the ability to always strive for excellence and to never give up. i graduated from troy university with a bsba in business management and have spent the past 6 years working in the cellular technology industry. i have held corporate management positions with both metropcs and t mobile u.s. this background along with my education have provided an in depth 360 view of cell technology, business, and what it takes to produce strong results. my wife and two boys are my favorite things in this world! i love to spend time with them and make them laugh. my hobbies include: technology, watches, fitness training, and motorcycles". our entire team loves watches and cell phone technology. two years ago we started analyzing the question .. what would happen if our most prized watch designs and advanced cellular technology were combined into one sleek and elegant device? so we researched the options and literally hundreds of possibilities. early on, one of our first concerns was, would the screen be too small. our analysis pointed a few years back, before the current generation of hand held smartphones became popular. we discovered the average size screen for mobile phones and game devices was only 1.5 inches! at that time, the crowd was as passionate about their cell phones as we are now. we realized .. it's amazing how things are mostly about "what we're used to." in fact, when we got used to working with cell phone watches we found the freedom of having smartphone technology always ready, right there on our wrist,. it was really convenient and appealing. but one question still remained. could they look cool? the answer was,. absolutely yes! display screens, battery, os we shredded apart dozens of display screens. it became apparent the key to working with smaller screens revolves around displaying important data in a fast & efficient way, and simply leaving out the useless clutter. we tried out dozens of different displays ranging from 1" to 3". the final result was a 2" round watch face with a square viewing screen composed of a super sensitive lcd with a thin film transistor (tft) array sealed under a glare proof cathode layer worked and looked the best overall. we were able to boost pixels density from 240x240 up to 320x240. although that may not sound like much by full size component standards, it's actually a lot for micro cells. the result hit the mark and produced beautiful, rich color display with crisp details in any light. as we progressed through different prototypes another concern was battery life. since watchphones are cellular on a new micro scale they're subject to the same growing pains that first generation cell phones have been going through over the past 20+ years. basically, cell phones are always energy hungry. although we could attach a godzilla size battery, that just wouldn't look good. so we worked with the most advanced solutions and incorporated an almost weightless and super thin 500 mah lithium polymer battery. this solution offers excellent utility and runs up 74 hours on a charge. once the issues of screen display and battery life were resolved, we started hacking the entire operating system. of course os discussion can be a sensitive issue and everyone has their favorites. but when it comes to watchphones the game changes a little. why? because so much functionality has to be engineered into impossibly small hardware. of course that's no problem if you are nasa, or if you don't mind clunky looking devices, but we were going for sleek and elegant. so, we ripped through every os option dissecting everything out there and creating some hybrids of our own. it might sound a bit surprising, but at the end of process the best option turned out to be jvm (java virtual machine). yep, this is the only os we've found so far that supports a razors edge between functionality and streamline hardware. we believe this blend of style & function is so important for epic watchphones. the fact is, without jvm, epic watchphones would look boxy and have to be bigger. although new advances are always in the pipeline, for now it's jvm packed with every option. from prototype to pre production our concept designs started with "napkin sketches" and from there quickly progressed to 2d drawings, followed by 3d cad models. although we've examined and considered the manufacturability and user experience of almost everything currently on the market, off the shelf and in our lab, our core vision hasn't really changed that much throughout the process. we knew we could produce hardware samples using rapid prototyping and 3d printing. however, that wouldn't render a fully operational cell phone, and we believed it was important to be able to demonstrate the holistic user experience of hardware and software combined with active cellular service. our team realized we would need to partner with one or more prospective manufacturers in order to accomplish this demonstration level. it turned out most manufactures we spoke with were surprisingly interested in our concepts and more than willing to help out. fortunately one of them in particular had already been working with rough versions that were consistent with our own design goals. we invested months working with manufacturers getting our software requirements implemented. when one of our prospective manufactures sent us working models per our specs things started getting really exciting. why? because these prototypes moved the project a meaningful step forward by reflecting our hardware and software concepts more fully. our vision was becoming a reality. plus, the models functioned like champs on cell service during rigorous testing. overall, we're ideally positioned to move into full production and manufacturing. we're 100% committed to meeting and even exceeding our supporters expectations and we sincerely believe these gorgeous products will do just that. other ways you can help some people just can’t contribute, and that's okay. there are two sides to this project: funding the project and getting the word out! here are a few things everyone can do to help: like us on facebook and follow us on twitter! get the word out! share what we are doing here! we hope you'll support our project & join us on this epic adventure. lets make this happen! "help support this project .. go epic!" risks and challenges risks and challenges in addition to our core team, we've brought together a highly skilled and dedicated group of manufacturing experts who've produced world class cell phones and consumer electronics for over 20 years. we've also partnered with fulfillment experts who are internationally respected for their expertise in packaging and shipping direct from the manufacturer to customers. however despite all the careful planning and attention to detail, unforeseeable challenges can arise. here are what we see as the risks, design modifications. during the course of our crowd funding campaign we are very interested to hear as much feedback from supporters as possible. if the crowd majority requests minor adjustments to hardware or software that will improve the final product, we will incorporate them prior to manufacturing. if this happens we will always keep you informed every step of the way. full scale manufacturing. domestic production is our preference because we support in sourcing and bringing jobs back home to the u.s. however this requires greater volume than asian manufacturing and we will need to know final volume in order to determine feasibility. this process could create delays. in addition the mould /tooling requirements can create delays. to mitigate these we have sourced multiple production facilities both in the u.s. and overseas. all of whom have excellent records of prompt delivery and high quality results. shipping. during the packaging and shipping process their can be delays due to mechanical failures, human errors, extreme weather conditions and the like. although every possible event can't be anticipated, we do believe in planning for the 'unexpected'. the combined resources of our team along with very substantial reinforcements from advisors and industry specialist will overcome any obstacle that might surface. this project is all about providing you with the best epic watchphone possible and developing great relationships with our supporters. we're not going to let a flat tire on a delivery truck or rainy weather keep that from happening. go epic! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 