riptionartmoonshot.com 'domains as art' / engaging geek/techie/nerd ' r esearch ' c ollaborators in the creation of a: global 'neural net' aesthetic construct artxtech.com   core structural domain "infinite diversity in infinite combinations"   idic   star trek the serendipity / 'breakthrough' factor! having engaged 10's of thousands of individuals in creating unique scitech aesthetic works of art (nearly 50,000 on one work alone) , this crowd funding effort is about taking 30 years of theoretical aesthetic research ™ 'art as research' paradigm to the next level where high energy artparticle ™ 'collisions' create exotic subartparticle ™ 'decay track signatures' that decay in a fraction of a social media moment, but the resulting 'exotic particles' yield a wealth of meaningful 'aesthetic data'. however, as a global collaborative geek/techie public art project , this is about funding and pursuing my 'research' as a 'function' of identifying and enlisting the support, talent and creative energy of early adopter geeks and creative risk takers to pull off this art moon shot 'research' launch into 'cyper space'... imagine, for a moment, if frank gehry had had to build the the marvelous structural / architectural works of art he has produced all over the world, all by himself, from the ground up... none would exist... this theoretical aesthetic research ™ artmoonshot.com crowd funding effort will also explore and examine the "cultural gravity wells " that are predicted by my theory of aesthetic relativity ™ and, to paraphrase q from star trek 2nd generation, perhaps "...change the 'cultural gravitational constant' of the 'universe'... "as a 'function' of 'creating' this global 'neural net' aesthetic construct . theory of aesthetic relativity™ just as 'mass' deforms physical space, 'cultural mass' 'deforms' and affects cultural creative space. creative geeks and nerds are the real audience for this crowd funding effort as you will 'get' the tongue in cheek humor referencing the 'serious' creative art / science / scifi / physics connections to a virtual hyperaesthetic ™ internet space time continuum where it is possible to 'play' with ideas while pushing the limits on 'what's possible'. ultimately, each person who donates and receives a 'domain as art ' 'perk', as an individual domain, or one of the 'package' of 'domains as art' perks, for their support of this project, is actually participating in, and contributing to, a global collaborative public art 'research' project. the 'domain as art' perks start at $201.00 and 'progress' up to $9950.00 for a package of 9 unique domain 'works of art', designed to pique the imagination and creative interest and attract both working individual techies and geeks as well as creative dot com companies and 'vcpatrons' who might pass selected 'domains as art' domains, from the domain package perks, on to individuals and teams in their company, as a way to challenge and engage their people in 'outside the web' thinking. the goal is to engender a global 'neural net' aesthetic construct as a virtual 'time and space' sculptural expression of a series of discreet, individually or team developed, 'sculptural nodes' as uniquely 'expressed' domain as art constructs where the individual ‘elemental component' domains are independently / team owned, interpreted, expressed and developed, and are then 'framed' / linked / referenced within a quasi structural core domain as art which, in this case, is conceptually expressed as the unique combinatorial and relational aesthetic construct ™ , artxtech.com ; also intended as a 'collaboratively developed expression' engaging the creative talent, expertise and energy of selected participating 'donor collaborators'. as such, the component 'perk' domain as art domain names, that are a part of this crowd funding 'research' project, will be owned, by the 'perk' recipient, as standalone combinatorial and relational aesthetic construct ™ 'works of art', which will also, paradoxically, also be elemental components in the global work of art and, ultimately, also be 'connected' to, and physically manifested within, multiple physical/material works of art, created my me, that incorporate the combinatorial and relational aesthetic construct ™ 'domain as art image' domains, as part of an ongoing and open ended and continuously evolving theoretical aesthetic research ™ 'domain as art' constructs. each person receiving a perk domain(s) as art, for their support, is encouraged to creatively develop, i.e., virtually 'hang' the individual domain(s) they receive 'in the internet', in any way they like, striving to be as creative and original as possible, in line with the ‘domain as art’ 'image/message construct' as defined by the combinatorial and relational aesthetic construct ™ (carac) implied by the perk domain(s) they receive. thus, as the artist conveying ownership of individual 'domain as art' 'works of art', this is like transferring ownership of a 'physical' painting or a sculpture (in this case the 'art' is the domain name) where i retain the copyright and the right to use and reproduce the 'original' domain as art image (s) on prints, posters and products, as well as incorporate the domain as art images as elements in ongoing and future physical works of art, that then become referential to the independently owned domain name as the 'original work of art'. subartparticle™ 'entanglement' my 'research' also suggest that the resulting theoretical aesthetic physics ™, subartparticle ™ 'entanglement' effect will manifest as 'linked' and connected subartparticles™ separated by distance (manifested as domain traffic) as a function of the iterative ‘textural’ constructs and aesthetic complexity relative to the intrinsic domain as art properties as expressed by the domain owner. funding generated will be used for registering 'domain as art' domain names, the development and coordination of the related collaborative website interfaces, tech support and expenses related to producing the physical works of art that incorporate the 'domain as art' 'image', as well as supporting site development issues related to engaging a select core group of creative techie nerd/geek collaborators, as a means of ‘expressing’ and promoting the evolving cyberaesthetic ™ construct as a global collaborative public art construct. think of this 'art as research' project as a 'form' of cyber 'warholesque' ‘factory’. and given the underlying artasresearch.com ™ premise of this global collaborative art project, the data sets aesthetically construed from early adopter / participant / collaborator geographic/demographic statistics resulting from this project will both inform my ongoing 'research' into 'cultural gravity wells' and become elemental 'figure ground' / sculptural armature components of the resulting 'expression' of this elemental 'basic aesthetic research' construct. the primary goal here is not only to fund the art moon shot phase of this global collaborative 'research' effort, but also introduce my 'research' to the world and to identify and create long term collaborative and synergistic relationships between me and the creative collaborators engaged via this crowd funding effort, so as to leverage the serendipity factor of an exponentially scaled range of skill sets, experience, insights, talent and creativity that i could not be exposed to in other way. "does anyone here speak art and tech?" all of the 'core' domains as art listed above will be developed by and with the collaborating creative input of the 'domain as art' perk recipients. so this is not just about crowd funding for financial support, this is also about 'crowd gathering ' for collaborative, participative expertise and creative energy/synergy support. and, hopefully, this is just the beginning... © robert delutri 1999   2014 risks and challenges i have engaged tens of thousands of individuals in the creation of single works of physical art during 10 years of working with the minnesota high technology association's wonders of technology at the minnesota state fair. the only real obstacle to this project is getting the word out and generating interest. once funded, implementation is about being open to the possibilities and respecting the talent, expertise and creative input and diverse insights and contributions of the collaborators. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 