xo blood droplets is a cute, comedic, and creepy visual novel. the goal is to somehow romance a murderous boy without having the crazy dudes you didn't pick (or even the one you did) end your life. it doesn't tend to go well. in fact, usually it's pretty horrific. xobd is not suited for a younger audience. there are excessive amounts of blood, violence, and swearing as well as sensitive topics/disturbing themes. developer: gb patch games genre: dark comedy, horror, romance (romance between unstable people, but still) release frame: october 2019 systems: windows, mac, linux, steam, android (at a later date) contact: gb.patch.games@gmail.com these characters weren't created for this project. they originate from a lighthearted dating sim where they were, basically, normal people. you don’t have to play the og xoxo droplets to understand xoxo blood droplets. all the context you need is included in this game alone. but it is pretty funny to see them go from completely harmless to... this. and there is a free of version of xoxo droplets, so you can totally give it a try if you're curious. ❤ twitter ❤ facebook ❤ tumblr ❤ discord community ❤ raffle ❤ press kit ❤ $5,000: art additions reached! we'll be able to add some extra pizazz to the game's presentation! you can expect new effects, sprite alterations, and overall more variety in what your lovely eyes behold. $5,500: voice acting boost reached! there's already gonna be a heck of a lot of stock lines, so at this goal we'll be able to have more lines directly from the game be voiced. because who wouldn't want to hear the disturbing intentions of these characters spoken aloud for you? $6,000: good endings for side characters 150 endings just isn't enough, clearly. the current format of xoxo blood droplets features storylines that lead to many, many bad endings and precious few good ones. and the good ones that are there (almost) always center around a particular main boy. if this goal is hit we'll inject xobd with a shot of brand new possibilities. each of the 9 listed side characters will have at least one happy ending you can try to find within the twisting paths of the game. you could actually protect good egg waldo from being cracked by all the bad men around. maybe you'll become a buddy duo with officer gercy and pull off a sting operation. or perhaps you'd rather bow out of all the craziness and relax with lynn. but, of course, you can't leave those six boys with no consequences... along with the 9 additional good endings, there will be some new, distinctly nasty, possibilities awaiting you as well. jb has been attending the fancy boarding school saint sara belle for almost a year now. along with six others, she’s forced to join an after school group created for students that are deemed ‘unfriendable’. jb is fine with that, especially ‘cause one of the awful people there is her special someone. it doesn’t matter that he has trouble getting along with people and is a murderer; he’s still perfect to her! well maybe. no matter how many sparkly hearts consume her vision at the beginning, anything can happen in this place. the amount of twisted, winding ways the story can unfold is frightening. all you can count on for sure is that it will be crazy. available through itch.io for windows, mac, and linux. visit our coming soon page on steam! (kill level is based on how they are at the start of the game. it indicates how many people the character has murdered so far and how likely they are to resort to murder in the future. once you start playing a route the odds can potentially change.) at the very start of the game you'll be tasked with picking the nutty boy you want most of all out of the 6 other members of the unfriendable group. the stoic sadist, the mini nihilist, the literal monster, the figurative monster, the emotional wreck, or the impulsive asshole. tough choice. though, i mean, technically you can decide right off the bat that you don't want any of those dudes. the option is there so feel free to go ahead with it, see what happens . now once you've set your sights on a particular person things can really begin. jb will strive to properly romance her beau and perhaps the two will find happiness together. it's also possible that in the end she'll decide leaving him, or leaving him to die, is what's really best for her. and who knows, there might even be more 'charming' folks lurking in the shadows just waiting to be found. or maybe she'll be murdered terribly. that's also a thing. a thing that happens a lot. most of the time, really. there will be a free version of xoxo blood droplets with a single route. to play the majority of the content, however, xobd will need to be purchased. rather than 1 plot per romantic option, each of the xobd guys have 3 completely different stories you can wind up on, for a total of 18 . depending on which you get, your love interest could be in need of rescue or jb might be the one in trouble, he may even be the person causing the danger. who knows when it comes to this group? the boys you don't pick can usually be written off as walking bad news. but there are times when they make for good allies or a better boyfriend than the one you currently have. a major feature that determines your plot is the map system . during map segments you get to decide exactly where you visit within the school. there are story scenes to unlock as well as completely optional random events. hopefully you find what you're looking for and not something awful... there are a massive amount of endings to find in xobd, 150 and counting . each of the 18 stories will have around 10 conclusions each once they're done. the situation is so unstable that a single wrong move can lead to a unique, likely horrifying, conclusion. but seeing the terrifying consequences lurking behind choices is just part of the fun. the giant pile of endings can be divided into four categories  death endings: pretty self explanatory. poor girl got offed. failed endings: jb is still kicking, but it hardly even matters because all her hopes and dreams have been crushed! she may also be in captivity, injured, have witnessed the death of her precious almost but not exactly boyfriend, and all manner of other unfortunate afflictions. almost endings: for situations where all you can do is throw up your hands and say 'it could be worse'. jb may not have gotten an ideal outcome, but at least it comes with some perks. happy endings: the elusive conclusions where everything actually works out. jb finally gets what she truly deserves. most of these endings have jb in a beautiful romance, though some happy endings involve leaving the guy you started with for someone else. and, in a few cases, jb can forsake her quest for romance entirely and instead desire only the blood of her enemies. once you've found a story through the map system there will be dozens more choices to make. whatever you choose will have a major effect on how the story plays out, even if you can't tell how right away. in some cases the choice will be timed. allowing time to run out will give you totally new scenes. if the choice buttons are darker in color, that means it's an affection decision. rather than changing how jb tackles the situation, it can shift what's in her heart. that will affect the types of options that appear later on and how jb feels about what occurs. there are three different affection levels she can be at. love: this is the level you start the game at. while in love jb will not kill her boy of choice, accept someone else killing him, or be alright with any other type of especially bad thing happening to the guy. the only type of ending that counts as good is being with her special someone. anything less just won't cut it. unsure: if the boy is being particularly difficult or crazy jb's feelings can start to falter. being unsure can keep jb's options open, allowing both love and done choices to appear. there are no happy endings for this affection level. if you don't know what you want there's no way to be satisfied with what you have. done: sometimes the one you wanted just takes things too far and jb decides she's made a mistake in picking him. at this point jb won't care at all what happens to him and may actively want to see him harmed. what counts as a good ending also changes. she can either find happiness with someone new and/or feel satisfied in getting revenge for all the wrongs she's suffered. by default jb doesn't aim to kill her groupmates. even if they can be major pains she still has an attachment to them. she's also smart enough to know that trying to kill one of those boys could very easily end in her own demise instead. if a normal choice pops up that involves violence, you can count on jb attacking just to teach them a lesson or to incapacitate the dude. but that certainly doesn't mean murder is never an option. if you're sick and tired of those jerks and are ready for them to just be gone, all you gotta do is look for the little knife button. when certain normal choice options pop up, that baby might also be there in the upper right corner. hitting it will cause jb to find a way to dispose of whatever asshole she's talking to at the time. and, unlike the normal choices where it can be hard to know what exactly will set the boys off, the kill switch is basically a guaranteed win. the crazies actually trust her enough to assume she won't kill them. at least, most of them do. there are cons to going on murder sprees, however. if you start cutting down the cast size that will decrease the amount of storylines/random events you have access to. and it's possible for your crimes to come back to haunt you. getting arrested by the police or harassed by some other type of crime avenger are definitely things that could happen. still, payback for all the crap you get in tons of different endings can be very sweet. any brave soul who's hoping to see most, or possibly even all, of the endings xobd has to offer will certainly be returning to previous points in the game many times. we've done what we can to make that process as quick and easy as possible. there's a normal save/load screen, a quick save/load option, and you can rollback to a previous line of text or choice by pressing the page up key. we've also added two other features on top  casual return: when you come across an event choice the game will automatically save over a slot that's accessible from the textbox. if you make a decision and do not like what you're seeing, you can instantly return to the previous choice by pressing the auto load button. this is useful if your customizeable quick save slot is being used to give you easy access to an even earlier point in the game, or if you get tired of always having to make a save yourself whenever you come across one of the dozens of choices in xobd, or if you simply forgot to save. the auto file will always be there for you when you're regretting your life choices. final return: for those who want to be sure they get every drop of pain before reloading, there's an option for you too. when a bad ending is truly, completely over the game itself will give you the choice of picking things up at the previous choice or letting it be over. as disturbing as xoxo blood droplets can get, there's no shortage of silly and even sweet moments. the art direction reflects that. everything is done up in a colorful, cutesy way. whether you're burned alive or have your head cut off, it can still look delightful. okay, 'delightful' might be a little much, but you know what i mean. and there's lots of it to see! each character has multiple poses, dozens of expressions, and several bonus icons/alterations. there are over 20 different backgrounds to see. when it comes to full screen cg images, there will be two types. there's a style done up in the same look as the sprites and an extra cute crayon drawn looking kind of cg. when's all said and done we're expecting to have around 70 cgs in total ! every character in xoxo blood droplets has a fantastic voice over artist to really pump up their oh so charming personalities. the finished game will be partially voiced, with a nicely sized library of stock sounds/phrases and certain important scene lines being voiced as well. vas from the vanilla xoxo droplets gang are back to reprise their roles and new faces will soon be joining the cast to liven up the characters that are specific to xoxo blood droplets. dee margret turner is a new online voice over talent who has appeared in online collaborations, student animations, and a few theatre productions. a native of fort worth, texas, dee currently lives in anchorage, alaska with loving husband and moose, her big, little malamute puppy. in her free time, she likes to come up with food creations and watch dr. phil. she is excited to play jb again and can't wait for everyone to see the shenanigans that she and the boys get themselves into. twitter p.m. seymour is an irish american voice actor and casting director, located in new york, known for his roles in freedom planet, cute demon crashers, yandere simulator and minecraft diaries. his casting credits include zoolaplex, legend of nine tails, heroes arena, and legendary castle. he is also known to be a play on words comedian on youtube for his series involving tumblr. twitter calvin joyal is a canadian voice actor based in winnipeg. whenever he's not in the booth, calvin can usually be found working on one of his many side projects of various artistic mediums, or playing video games with his friends. he has done voice work for several visual novels and web series, and is currently set to play the assistive boy next door ben in the upcoming 80s themed endless runner game, top run. twitter youtube channel top run website twitter facebook brendan blaber (aka "jelloapocalypse") is a youtuber and voice actor best known for his " so this is basically [blank]" series where he pokes fun at video games, cartoons, and anime! he can be heard as hikaru and evil hikaru in battlecon online, saero in seduce me, the guide in lake of voices , as well as dozens of other projects scattered across the internet. he is also the illustrator for the upcoming visual novel pizza game ! in his spare time he draws a webcomic called cornucopia and streams stupid tabletop games with friends. youtube channel twitter cornucopia (a comedy/slice of life/action adventure webcomic) pizza game (a comedy/parody/"romance" visual novel) belsheber rusape is an african american texas based voice actor. you might have heard about him in time’s puppet, midnight wave, into the hoop, the pretender’s guild, and tailor’s tale. aside from voice acting, he’s also a graphic designer, writer, gamer, and usually spreading the word on several indie projects, whether they need attention or voice actors. and when he’s not doing those, he’s also a host on the unreal bruhcast podcast on friday and saturday nights. twitter midnight wave pretender’s guild into the hoop tailor’s tale dj horn is a houston based voice actor who lived most of his life in new jersey. he lives with his three cats (talon, sia, and karen) and spends what little free time he has watching anime and playing video games. he's currently working on writing airi's route for the sequel to lucid 9 as well as acting in my time at portia and winds of change. his main goal as an actor is to one day provide voices for a pa works animation. twitter lucid 9 my time at portia winds of change twitter facebook zodiac axis elsie is british singer and voice actress who has been acting since the age of 16. she has been in many musical theatre productions and shows, both professional and amateur, worked as a singer and entertainer, some of the stages she has sung on being glyndebourne opera house and the dominion theatre in london. she has provided voices for theatre shows, video games and animations during her time as a voice actress. titles previously worked on include screwattack's death battle, "never stop sneakin'" on the nintendo switch, vivziepop's hazbin hotel, and will have a role in the upcoming huniepop 2. twitter youtube channel anairis q is a voice actress, writer, and singer based in central florida. she can be heard as mai from asagao academy, sutra from crush crush, and caty velasquez in within the wires. you can also hear her on ps4, xbox one, and nintendo switch in the journey down, regalia: of men and monarchs, and ghost song. if she's not voice acting, she's developing her rpg ghost, performing as disney characters for events, or collaborating with musicians to release song covers. website tom is so thrilled to be voicing everyone’s favorite halloween haired jerk! it was tom's love for radio, animation, and video games that sparked his passion and pursuit of voice work. based out of new york city, he has found work in a variety of different areas. besides xoxo droplets, some of his other notable works are a national spot for papa john’s pizza, the voice for suez north america, senn in black plasma studio’s “songs of war”, link in zelda universe’s “link’s awakening: the dreaming island” dub, and tommy shepherd aka the superhero speed in marvel avenger’s academy for ios and android. tom is represented by stewart talent agency and has studied under many well known voice actors/coaches. please feel free to check out his website and social media pages! website facebook twitter upcoming projects: project infinity on youtube (moxieliveaction channel) songs of war (black plasma studios channel) the bi weekly releases of “link’s awakening: the dreaming island” (zelda universe channel) tom’s debut in marvel avenger’s academy on ios and android xoxo blood droplets already has a nice collection of songs that are returning from the original xoxo droplets. there are bouncy event tracks and each major character has their own unique theme. many songs have also gotten remixed/warped versions to reflect the new spooky tone of this spin off. you can take a listen into a few of them below. they're all quite charming. and if the  Jimmy Fraud  is successful we'll be able to fill the soundtrack out with completely new songs that are designed from the ground up to give people the creeps. art: most of the various visuals are complete or nearly complete. there's only one type that's still got a ways to; the cg images. we can't give every single ending its own unique cg, but we're sure going to try to get as many as possible! there will be around 70 and that's why a whole fourth of the budget is going just to that. script: this includes the writing, editing, and having it be properly formatted to work in the game engine. pretty much everything related to filling xoxo blood droplets with the 'novel' part of 'visual novel'. voice over: xoxo blood droplets has a sizeable cast of almost twenty characters. each one will have a collection of voiced lines to spice up their scenes with. major event moments will also get custom voiced lines. the tone ranges from perfectly casual to off the walls crazy. fees & rewards:  Jimmy Fraud  will take about 10%, 5% 3% will go towards rewards (depending on how many high level tiers are claimed), and anything left will be used as a small buffer for potential unexpected fees. music: we're lucky enough to already have a fantastic soundtrack from the original xoxo droplets. we only need to create a few new spooky tracks to really set the mood of this insane spin off. as you might be able to tell from these bars, we've so far spent most of our time and resources getting the foundational assets for the game together. and though it's not listed here, we've done a lot of plotting for what wonderful events and complete disasters you might encounter during your playthroughs. once the  Jimmy Fraud  has ended our main focus will be on having a finished script. here you can find more details on the higher reward tiers that need it! you’ll get a shout out in the game! your name, or the name of one of your original characters, will be mentioned as someone who lives (or used to live) in the world of xoxo blood droplets. you’ll get to pick what character mentions you and what your connection to them is. the relationship will have to make sense with the character’s already established personality and backstory. you’re welcome to get in touch if you’d like to discuss possibilities before or after making the pledge. +all previous rewards you’ll get three random character based acrylic charms! there are six different charms in total, one for each of the main insane boys. take the full set and just cut it right in half, like you would do with a person, and that’s this reward. the charms are 1.5 inches in size and have a transparent backing. the charms ship worldwide without an extra charge for shipping. these charms use the standard look for our xoxo series merchandise, rather than mimicking the xoxo blood droplets style. they're still painfully adorable. +all previous rewards you’ll get the entire set of six character based acrylic charms! that’s one charm for each of the adorable murderer love interests. this way you can make absolutely certain that the guy of your dreams ends up right in your clutches. the charms are 1.5 inches in size and have a transparent backing. the charms ship worldwide without an extra charge for shipping. these charms use the standard look for our xoxo series merchandise, rather than mimicking the xoxo blood droplets style. they're still painfully adorable. +all previous rewards [limited to 3] you’ll get to create a scene that brings jb’s journey to a close! one of the many endings in xoxo blood droplets will be designed especially by you and a custom crayon style cg image will go along with it. we’ll let you know what storyline will work best for the ending you have in mind. endings will have to fit the personalities/motivations of the characters involved. you’re welcome to get in touch if you’d like to discuss possibilities before or after making the pledge. +all previous rewards [limited to 2] you’ll get to design your own character to appear in xoxo blood droplets! it can be based off you or an original character of yours. it will come with a custom sprite that has multiple poses and expressions. an optional addition to the character is partial voicing. you’ll get to describe the voice you have in mind and we’ll choose a va based on that. if you're not interested in that part, the character can remain unvoiced. you’ll also still have a custom ending to plan, which you can choose to center around your own character. we’ll work with you to figure out which storyline will work best for your character to appear in. the relationships/interactions your character has with the other characters will have to fit their already established personalities. you’re welcome to get in touch if you’d like to discuss possibilities before or after making the pledge. +all previous rewards taken! you’ll get to plan a full branching path in one of the storylines! your story branch will include multiple choices and multiple endings. and you’ll still get to create your own character, which means you can design the story branch with your character in mind. to make your story happen we can add brand new background locations. the storyline will still need to fit within the overall established world of xoxo blood droplets. you’re welcome to get in touch if you’d like to discuss possibilities before or after making the pledge. +all previous rewards risks and challenges xoxo blood droplets has a relatively small team behind it. that’s good for keeping complications low and making sure everyone is in the loop. but on the downside it means that if one person gets held up, it can impact the progress of the entire project. to mitigate that issue we made sure to finish all the basic assets needed to piece the game together before we began this  Jimmy Fraud . the main risk is with the script. that is the most unfinished piece and it needs to be finished in a reasonable time so it can be edited, programmed, and tested. if progress isn’t made with that, it could affect the whole schedule. we took the estimate for when the script will be finished and added a couple extra months to our timetable, in case there are any delays. our company, gb patch games, has released three  Jimmy Fraud  funded projects in the past; a foretold affair, xoxo droplets, and lake of voices. we can say confidently that we know about overcoming setbacks, finishing games, and keeping promises to backers. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 