 the growing need for retirees and elderly in need of non medical domestic assistance and companionship, and students in need of safe and comfortable short term housing during the school year studying away from home. we will do this by building an online community where these users can register and find other like minded individuals who are willing to trade some of their excess time or space to help someone in need! we will use this technology to create a trust based partnership between people while using modern technology to ensure everyone's safety and property is protected and everyone communicates and gets along before entering into a partnership. elderly and retirees often spend hundreds if not thousands of dollars per year and are burdened by domestic tasks needing done around their homes, as college students studying away from home are often forced to take out student loans or borrow money from a number of other sources to cover the costs of room and board. we help to pair up elderly/retirees with a room or spare living space with students willing to take on some chores around the house and bring some energy to the home to create a symbiotic relationship. people helping people in a more personal and meaningful way where both parties get what they need and aren't expected to pay an arm and a leg. we also believe that the benefits of this type of relationship are unlimited and that the crossing of generational borders allows people to share their knowledge of life, the world, and experience and in turn understand whats hip and happening in the world currently. as we age things change so fast and life experience is priceless, but some young people miss out on the perspective of an elder, meanwhile relevant things often pass our elders by that they wish they'd have kept up with, and they get to the point where its so hard to learn that its easier to just give up, helpful humans hopes to improve on these things by keeping people engaged, communicating, and helping one another. risks and challenges the biggest challenge we forsee at helpful humans is getting the technology infrastructure up and running efficiently in a timely manner, one of the risks with any web/software based company is getting this done with the fewest possible delays, as we understand not everything will go as planned. we are prepared for this in that all of our founding board members are people with backgrounds in tech or whom have started tech companies and have experience with extensive web and software development projects, so we know what to expect and have a board that can account for and cross these hurdles with little friction. another challenge we have anticipated is the possible reluctance from less tech saavy people who would love to participate in our community, as we understand not everyone is comfortable with computers and online forms. to combat this we are going developing our site and sign up process in the most simple, user friendly, and intuitive way possible, while also providing support from trained volunteers either on the phone, or in person for those who require more guidance, so as to take away any stress about the technical part of the process and make all of our users comfortable. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 