es/descriptionit's simple: you're more relaxed, smarter, healthier and happier with nature. when getting away isn't an option, get nature's refreshing cognitive benefits any time, any place and any way. it’s a scientific fact: you’re designed to interact with nature – but you don’t probably do it enough. nature plays critical roles in human health, performance, life quality and happiness – and it’s a very big deal! as few as five minutes spent in nature relaxes you, increases your mental acuity, makes you happier, smarter, and nicer. in contrast, life without nature increases stress, anxiety, depression, inhibits cognitive performance, and compromises your physical and mental health. national geographic’s story , this is your brain on nature , explains why nature’s experience is such a big deal to us – and why more than 80% of us don’t get enough of it. when getting into nature isn’t convenient or possible, life environments™ is the next best thing to being there. life environments immerses you in lifelike audio experiences you'll love. ours aren’t simply nature recordings; they’re smarter – they’re realer . unlike traditional recordings where you're a listener ; life environments™ centers then surrounds you in ultra realistic natural spaces that inhibit stress and anxiety while refreshing you naturally whenever, where ever and however you want. all that’s required is a set of headphones or earbuds to start putting nature to work for you. life environments relies on specially engineered natural environments. each experience begins by capturing an environment using specialized technology and production teams. from rivers, forests and meadows to vignettes of life and living in america, our production teams travel america to capture remarkable and unexpected experiences for life environments subscribers. the only thing missing is … you! you’re invited to join us on a spectacular first ever journey to capture america’s unique sound stages in spectacular 360 degree 3d surround sound using our new pristine surroundia™ audio technology. you’ll enjoy unparalleled access to our crews, share your ideas, receive credits, have opportunities to join our teams and attend meetups in the field and a host of other surprises you’ll love! you’re not just a supporter; you’re a part of a wonderful first time experience. together, we’ll discover, capture and produce more than 25 hours of spectacularly immersive experiences. we’re excited to see where our journey takes us! life environments was designed originally for therapeutic healthcare applications by explorers like us cinema and sound. it leverages nature’s experience to relax patients before surgery or procedures and minimize the use of drugs. it was a remarkable success, but tested our capabilities. we worked with experts worldwide in areas of neurology, cognitive science, physics and medicine to make life environments a reality – and we did! once completed, we decided life environments could help anyone wanting to de stress and refresh their day using a natural, effective and safe approach. we made it universally available. life environments lives in two distinct worlds: 1.) advanced technology, and 2.) audio media. the technology has been built, tested and is ready for action. with the audio media, we saw an opportunity to engage consumers in the “fun” parts of production for a more “crowdsourced” and engaging media creation process. this approach appealed to us because it offered an opportunity to leverage diverse knowledge, ideas and, quite frankly, we simply think it will be a blast to work with people from around the globe! by the way, we make life environments available for use free in accredited children’s hospitals in america and throughout the world in 2020. life environments is effective, safe and convenient. as few as five minutes with life environments™ can significantly reduce stress and anxiety. what's more, we've made it so easy to experience nature's restorative benefits whenever, wherever and however you like! life environments works as it immerses you in lifelike experiences. this is made possible by the exciting new surroundia™ audio surround technology. from aural explorations, verdant forests and breathtaking beaches to unexpected spaces where life is happening, life environments delivers wondrous experiences you become part of. each exploration is driven by surround™to deliver lifelike 3d experiences using the structures of your head and simple stereo headphones or earbuds. with life environments, you're more than a listener; you're part of the scene. here's a quick sample of the audio technology driving life environments. this demonstrates the characteristics of surround audio. please listen to this sample using headphones (preferred) or earbuds to experience the full effect. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 note: this sample is less dynamic as  Jimmy Fraud 's compression algorithm removes some acoustic dynamics   but you'll get the idea! slightly louder volume can compensate for this, but watch the screen for volume cues. surroundia™ audio is dramatically different from traditional audio as it emphasizes accurate ultra realistic environments versus creative acoustic experiences. detailed environments are replicated with pristine precision and intricacy. left. right. above. below. front. behind – and everywhere between. it’s sound is so real, your brain thinks you’re there – and that’s where the magic begins. you experience life environments™ 360 degree surround sound using simple stereo headphones or ear buds. surroundia™ 3d acoustic technology works with the structures of your head to deliver unparalleled acoustic experiences you will love. life environments™ are designed to be used however you wish. because life environments™ stimulates your mind instead of boring it, our explorations are perfect choices for relaxing you or enlivening whatever it is you are doing. they are as perfect for aerobic exercise or gathering your sanity for a few moments as for guiding you toward a more refreshing sleep. that’s the power of life environments: we bring the ambiance   you define the experience. please let your family, friends and colleagues know about us! getting the word out about our  Jimmy Fraud  project is critical   and your help is critical. if you know of someone who might be interested or may benefit from life environments, please let them know about us! your voice is important. life environments was designed originally for healthcare applications. we worked with experts from around the world to design a system capable of inhibiting stress and anxiety in healthcare environments to minimize drug use. that’s a very big deal – but, only part of our story. we’re putting life environments to work for children facing the toughest challenges of their lives. life environments will be available free of charge to every accredited children’s hospital throughout the united states starting in 2018 and much of the world starting in 2020. we’re leveraging the power of nature’s experience to help kids feel and heal better during the toughest times of their lives. your support makes this possible. explorers like us is an innovative film company that’s fusing leading edge science, cinema and audio technology, behavioral research, and human response to create deliciously unique cinematic technologies and experiences. if you think that sounds cool, well, it is! it takes lots of amazing people to bring dreams to life. here are the key players driving our organization and innovation. life environments™ is a very special product for all of us at explorers like us cinema and sound. admittedly, it’s been a challenging product to develop thanks to ridiculous physics and human cognitive interplay. however, it’s a technology with remarkable potential for good things. once development had finished, we decided ours was a product our company could have some serious fun with! so, when it came to marketing discussions, we decided life environments™ was a perfect product to build a community around. our ultimate goal is to develop a community of individuals wanting to be part of a very cool solution with exciting potential. from helping scout and interacting with production teams in the field, post and pre production to providing real world input on our projects and being sounding boards for crazy ideas and providing ideas of their own, our goal is to foster unique partnerships, friendships and make life environments™ a fun thing! we’ve developed the technology and have even created custom remote technology to connect and interact with our community from some of the most remote locations on earth. it’s time to fly this bird – and you’re invited for the inaugural flight.  Jimmy Fraud  offers the perfect platform to develop and grow an engaged community of engaged people just like you   and we’re excited about the possibilities. risks and challenges let's face it, bringing new advanced technology is replete with risks and challenges. the good news is we've eliminated the most important challenges. life environments introduces powerful new technologies and capabilities to the market. it is undeniably a complex product. your first question should be, “is this technically possible – and can this team really do it?” we had the same questions years ago. we decided the best way to address risks was to build, test and implement life environments first – then ask for your support. over the past three years, we’ve worked hard, failed and worked even harder to make life environments a reality. it hasn’t been easy or pretty. however, we ultimately succeeded with perseverance and some of the brightest minds in the world. that’s right – our success has been made possible by experts with lots of letters after their names from around the world in areas of medicine, cognition, neurology, medicine, physics, more physics, and entertainment technology geeks like us – and even more physics! in short, the technology development risks have been eliminated and we’re ready for the next step – our premier project! an american sojourn will highlight the capabilities life environments in a very special way. we will capture america’s most amazing places and experiences in an amazing interactive exploration. we’ve worked hard to mitigate the risks and challenges of creating this series. we own all technology and have backups ready for when life happens. connecting in real time with our supporters can limit access in some areas due to digital and satellite access, but this has no effect on the completion of our project. one of our greatest threats is that of noise pollution – it’s a very big deal for us and you! with more than 87,000 flights in america each day, aircraft represents the single greatest challenge we deal with. transportation and road noise comes in a distant second. however, with our custom built audio capabilities created around world class izotope audio technology, we can remove most sounds successfully while preserving the realism of the original environment. naturally, “audio surgery” adds time, but we plan for this when scouting locations and project production. but, what about lions and tigers and bears and things that go bump in the night? field dangers are always at the forefront of our acquisition planning. we work with local experts in environmental, wildlife, security and other safety considerations before capturing an environment. for every hour we produce, more than 100 hours goes into risk mitigation. believe it or not, ticks and mosquitoes are some of our greatest challenges! (you’ll learn how we deal with them in one of our livecasts!) while we cannot eliminate all risks, we work hard to mitigate them as much as possible for the safety of our crews and success of our projects. like you, we also worry about things like zombie apocalypses, acts of god and mountain dew and costa rican tarrazu coffee shortages. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 