story our business, jz lace, was originally incorporated on january 1st, 2013. however, our story begins a few months earlier, in the summer of 2012. at the time, zac was only 12 years old, and jack was 15. we both played lacrosse, and had begun to build up a reputation for ourselves with regards to custom stringing lacrosse sticks. even before the birth of jz lace, we were incredibly focused on customizability. we had been contacted by a man who was playing for the university of minnesota at the time who wanted us to string his lacrosse stick for him. thinking that this would be a great opportunity for us to get our name out into the college lacrosse scheme, we wracked our brains for ideas on how to do so. after a while of brainstorming, jack remembered the idea of a paracord design bracelet, and thus jz lace was born. our first ever bracelet, shown below, was university of minnesota colors, made out of leftover string we had from stringing the lacrosse stick. as you can see, it was incredibly primitive, lacked buckles, but the essential design has not changed to this day. first ever jz lace bracelet realizing the potential of such a simple design, we decided to try and pitch the idea to our local sporting goods store, general sports in edina, mn. they were all over our idea, but said that in order for them to be willing to carry our bracelets in their store, they needed to have buckles to be more easily taken on and off. we figured our how to attach buckles in the following weeks, and ended up selling our first order of 48 bracelets to general sports for $384. as 12 and 15 year olds, this was an amazing amount of money. our bracelets went through several different stages in order to make them as comfortable as possible. while we only ended up selling our bracelets to several general sports store locations, we did have success in the school communities in the minneapolis metro area. both of us have younger siblings, who we fully utilized to help spread the name of our company. our brothers would come home with lists of color combinations and sizes that other kids wanted from our company. we would make the bracelets that night, and our brothers would bring the kids their custom bracelets the next day. we feel that this sort of interaction really illustrates what our company is all about. this process continued over the past two years until last august, when jack left for his freshman year at st. johns university. with our ever more busy schedules, we saw hardly any option in continuing our business with jack living away from home. so, we chose the logical option pack up shop and call it a day... until this past july. in july we met to discuss the future of our business  or if there was even going to be a future. we decided upon a plan to completely revamp our business. with our consumer base in our hometown basically used up, the only way to continue the business was to expand; we wanted to go big. we planned to first create an amazing website with an online store and seemingly unlimited customizability options one of our dreams. the project you're viewing right now is our attempt to bring this dream to fruition. once the website is created, we plan to outsource our bracelet making, most likely overseas, to be able to tailor to large orders from companies all around the country. these orders will be hopefully handled through yes, the very website you're debating about whether or not to fund. however, this eventual dream of a nationwide enterprise is simply unobtainable without an online presence. below, you'll find a detailed analysis of where every dollar we're asking for is going to go. as we stated in our video, we found a very helpful local company to help us through this process, and we hope that you think this project is worth your donation. also, please be sure to check out our various social media pages and follow us on there. links below! price breakdown the following is the price breakdown for all of the money that we're asking for in order to fund the creation of our website. this is directly copy pasted from the quote we received from our website builder. a)pro website development (platform and design)………………….$2300 leading cms platform, elegant header, footer, navigation and display features. b) budget features, image gallery set up for products…….…..….$1,000 (flow of site to move from different kinds of bracelets is part of this quote. gallery set up maybe different for regular products vs individualized products—picture taking may be necessary) c) pro ecommerce with interactive visual product configuration. (this is the system that will display your 25,000 or so different types of bracelets………………………………………………………………… $1,000 d)12 standard pages with text and media @$100/page…………… $1,200 e)security system to accept credit cards of all types ……………… $600 g) optimization of all pages ( one time charge)…………….. $500 h) yearly hosting using blue host vps (yearly cost)…...............…. $300.00 total website cost................................................................$6900.00 social media follow us on social media for updates, discounts, news, and more! twitter: www.twitter.com/jzlace instagram: www.instagram.com/jzlace facebook: www.facebook.com/jzlace do we even know what we're doing? in short, we'd like to think so. but since you've made it this far in the story, we may as well give you all of the details. first, the website: as for the price, we looked around quite a bit for how we would go about doing this. to some, it may seem like we're getting ripped off by this price, but we hope to dispel this thought. we received offers from a multitude of companies, both local and nationwide, and eventually narrowed it down to 5 which we thought would be able to offer what we want done. most rates ranged from 8 12k for all of the gadgets we deemed necessary, so we were plenty happy to take a $6600 + hosting offer. also, the company we're working with has many contacts in and around the twin cities area and have offered to help us advertise with them. the main reason this site is so expensive is due to our customizability option. with three different customizable parts to a given bracelet, and with upwards of 30 different color options for either of those parts, we have over 27,000 different possible bracelet combinations. one of our dreams for the website was to be able to show an image, cgi or real (it's actually going to be cgi), of what the bracelet is going to look like, so that customers know exactly what they're getting. this, as you could assume, is somewhat expensive. we are also having a bulk ordering/wholesale option on our site that would allow for larger corporations to purchase mass quantities of bracelets for discounted rates (we'll explain how this will come into play later). included in this form will also be an affiliate program, which will help make up the majority of our marketing (also explained later). in addition to these two pages will be a regular online store for pre made bracelets of different color combinations that we have chosen. it will be simple and straightforward. also included in the payment is the optimization of every page on the site for google search results, and weekly updates to the website to ensure that we rise in the ranks of search results. obviously ssl and other types of credit card security are required, plus the option to create accounts, store personal info, and create and manage a mailing list. the entire site will also be fully interactive as well as completely designed for both desktop and mobile usage. when you add up the prices for all of these things, $6600 starts to become a much more reasonable price. as for hosting, bluehost may be a bit much to start out with, but at $25/month, we don't think there are many other cheaper options that provide such good quality. since the company we are dealing with is also a local company, included in this partnership is the acquaintance, connections, and aid gained from working with somebody who wants to help us grow. we've already met in person with the owner three times, and we've already fostered a relationship that will last for a very long time. if you're still convinced that the money isn't worth it, let us try to sway you one last time. it's important to note that we did attempt to create our own online store in the past, but without proper guidance and professional techniques, it lacked the charisma and customizability that we wanted. our website is going to be people's way into our company  it will be their first impression, how they view us, etc. it is for this reason that we want our website to be of the absolute highest quality that it can possibly be. yes, we could probably have made it cheaper without all the bells and whistles with some template site driven company, but for us, that would defeat the very purpose of making the site. we've dreamed of this website for years, and now that we're finally having the chance to make it a reality, we want to go big. we also want you to know that we did originally look into these companies with templates and such, but none could offer the level of sophistication needed to make our dream come to life. so now, this brings us to marketing and getting our name our after our website is complete. obviously, our first priority is to just get our website up and running. however, we have several different plans. the company we're working with has a lot of experience with pr and google adwords, as well as setting up stores on facebook. while we have not explicitly decided to work with any of these options, we're leaving them open to work with after we get the site up and running. the main traffic we're hoping to drive however, is through the bulk ordering/wholesale page. we've already spoke with retailers like target and hockey giant, and the common thread is that we need to be able to produce an absolutely massive number of bracelets. we've personally spoken with members of target's administrative team about producing said quantity of bracelets, and they've pointed us to a company called platform88, which they says is the way to go with overseas manufacturing. we knew going in that this sort of manufacturing was going to cost a lot of money, and we also knew we wouldn't be able to pay for both the manufacturing and the website. this is where the idea for the  Jimmy Fraud  comes in. hopefully, we save some money making our dream website, so the funds we do have can go towards getting our mass production up and running. once both of these things are solidified, we hope to be dealing with stores such as target directly from our website. the affiliate program we will be employing will be for friends of ours across the country who will help to spread the word of jz lace. they will be trained about our company, and will go into retail stores with a sales pitch prepared, finally pointing the store towards our website, where the store can then place a large order. this affiliate will then be accredited with a commission. the reason our local market "dried up" the way it did is simply due to the fact that we sold bracelets to everyone that wanted to buy one. and the crazy thing to think is that these people were buying these bracelets for $15 a piece from retail stores and $8 15 from us or our friends. with the launch of phase 2 of our business (that's what we're calling this master plan), we plan to be selling bracelets from our website for $5 6, and to other larger businesses for $2 3 so that there isn't any direct competition between our website and any given store carrying our bracelets. it doesn't take much market analysis to realize the potential consumer base increase in a price drop that drastic. as i hope you can see, the website is really just the first stepping stone on a long bridge to success that we've drawn the blueprint for. once we have the website, our possibilities are endless  but we need to make sure our website can stand up to the scrutiny that any of those possibilities may provide. we strive for absolute transparency, so if there is anything at all that is unclear to you or that you would like to be further informed about, please don't hesitate to contact us at jzlacellc@gmail.com. we will respond to any and all messages. even if financial reasons prohibit you from donating, we ask that you please help the spread the word! with a relatively minor social media presence, we need all of the help that we can get. risks and challenges we know that not all companies are successful, especially online, but due to the nature of the risks of our business, we must assume that we would become successful. the truth of the matter is that we have been an incorporated business, run successfully and fluently for the past four years on a relatively small scale, and foresee absolutely no issues with continuing this small scale business style. however, there are a few possible issues that we could foresee with regards to the mass overseas production of our bracelets. since we have not exactly nailed down which company will be producing our bracelets on the scale of thousands, there is a bit of uncertainty as to how well this is going to end up working out. however, even if this part of our plan doesn't work at all, we will simply not offer the wholesale/bulk ordering option on our website. we foresee very little or no issues with regards to filling orders of regular quantity from our website. if for some reason even those orders start to be too much for us to handle, we have access to several members of friends and family who have helped us in the past and would be more than willing to help with the creation of bracelets. this is of course assuming a complete collapse of the mass production plan. as you can see, we foresee no problems regarding the actual creation of the website. we've already met with the owner of the company which is going to be creating our website three times, and they are very accommodating to whatever we need done. if you have any questions regarding the risks of our future ventures or any questions at all, feel free to send us an email at jzlacellc@gmail.com . we will respond to any and all inquiries. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 