escriptionwarning!!! waveducoach ai needs a minimum number of homogeneous responses to make inferences and predictive analysis, and we have only reached this number in the eu. the campaign then continues in the eu and will be resumed in the states and in canada in 2019. we thank our current american and canadian supporters, we won't abandon them and we commit to provide the best support to the problems that they will want to submit to us. waveducoach, with fascinating and always new magical moments, helps the child to improve his mental processes because also action directs thought. in waveducoach the child moves characters and concrete objects and the story built on the interactive surface becomes animated on the screen making the same objects and characters act in the virtual world. waveducoach uses methods, techniques and artificial intelligence systems. it applies gardner's theory of multiple intelligences to pedagogy and utilizes with deep learning new personalized educational strategies based on the proposals of montessori, feuerstein, bruner and on new neuroscience research. while playing games, waveducoach can be used independently. using waveducoach is like being supported by a constantly available coach even if you are at the seaside or on a mountain. our interactive usb interface is very simple to use. just connect it to a pc or tablet or smartphone and, when you place a background or object on the interface, it is recognized and will appear on the screen. waveducoach offers contents and uses methods, techniques and artificial intelligence systems to develop personal skills. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 it starts from the strengths of the child and the respect for its qualities. an online questionnaire  anonymous, encrypted and with only user code  analyze the environment in which the child lives, his current skills, relational modalities, the possible support of caregivers and it provides the basics for the creation of personalized learning paths. the ai, after analyzing all the data, offers more individualized paths and constantly supervises the path defined by the intervention team. waveducoach uses a deep learning application to analyze the interrelations and the context of structured and unstructured data, coming from the questionnaire and the exercises, favoring the skills that can be reached first. the child is free to choose the material with which he wants to start practicing, because children like to do what they are good at and they are good if they do what they like. in this way the child can start from his desires and from the games he likes the most to follow the structured path which starts from that activity to enhance every his single intelligence, through discovery, valorization, compensation and stimulation. the child is helped by ai to self correction and error control while the caregiver intervenes to stimulate, evaluate and control. we therefore give educators the opportunity to focus on the observation and evaluation of the child's work. it is as if the child had three tutors at the same time: the first tutor (the ai) proposes, suggests and helps, with possible corrections, the child in the development of the item, the second   still the ia   observes, takes note of the activities and answers given, while the third, the specialist or the caregiver, supports the child and evaluates the results and reports of the ai. we apply a cognitive coaching based on active learning, without psychodiagnostic or interpretative approaches and without making any kind of evaluation on the person. waveducoach offers contents and methodologies oriented to develop skills and personal intellectual autonomy   in a controlled environment   using concrete and advanced methods, techniques and tools. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 in 1907 maria montessori founded "la casa dei bambini" in rome in which she began to apply her educational method first to children with cognitive difficulties and later to all the children. in the 1950s reuven feuerstein formulated the theory of structural cognitive modifiability. in 1964 bruner published "on knowing. essays for the left hand ". for bruner it is necessary to explore a multiplicity of psychic activities: the perceptual, the conceptualizing and the categorizing, then the representative (endoactive, iconic and symbolic) and, in the end, the artistic and the mythizing one. in 1983, gardner identified a multiplicity of intelligences to be developed in every child. in 1987 one of us expressed the need to build expert systems also in the educational field. but computer and electronic technologies were not yet mature. in 2016 wavedu srl was founded as innovative startup. many of the people who collaborated in the creation of waveducoach have worked for years in the fields of information technology, disability, teacher training and have offered their skills to realize the interactive hw, the ai ​​and the educational sw to be used to improve the educational offer. in 2017 our group applied for a patent on a hw & sw platform that recognizes objects and their localization on it. the ai ​​deep learning organizes and processes the data received and makes them act on a screen, while the human operator supervises. wavedu administrator francesco mordente we want to use the very high italian skills to combine the hardware & software with the research in the fields of pedagogy and neuroscience. with the high profile of the italian brand, we intend to offer quality answers to the needs reiterated daily by people, children and adults with special educational needs and their families. answers which take into consideration the totality of the person and not just an individual who must be trained. waveducoach product presentation speakers : dr.ssa stefania riso , coordinator of associazione ombraluce from salerno dr.stefano pagliara , vice president of donation italia dario rampolla , vice president of associazione forma mentis from salerno. waveducoach uses a deep learning application to analyze the meaning and the context of structured and unstructured data, coming from the questionnaire and the exercises, favoring the skills that can be reached first, without neglecting the qualities of which users are less provided. deep learning offers more individualized paths and constantly supervises the path defined by the intervention team. research and development we have validated for more than a year the hw & sw waveducoach system with in depth tests with people with cognitive difficulties and with autism spectrum syndromes with exciting results and appreciated by operators and parents. not only research by institutions and universities are the basis of our approach to the development and enhancement of skills through ai and interactive interfaces. a research from kingston university london and university of southern denmark has shown that the ability to build physical models with hands improves performance in problem solving and offers new insights to find alternative solutions: action itself changes the way we think. to paraphrase tim cook , we design and build extraordinary systems for an even more extraordinary purpose. we have skills and technology to achieve the future. we have the energy to fly togheter. now. through the combined use of the intelligent surface and highly structured exer edu games, with targeted educational paths supervised by the ai, we can respond to the needs of each child. a close collaboration between it specialists, psychologists, specialized teachers and families has been and will be essential to further develop and adapt the hw & sw waveducoach platform to the needs of the development of translational research. continuous bidirectional transfers of information between the caregivers of users using waveducoach and the development team will be the basis for the design of the new exercises. however, we will always be careful to evaluate that the answers indicate an appropriation of meanings and that they are not merely an adaptation to the game modalities. family learning the hw & sw waveducoach platform allows children to continue at home the activity started at school or by the therapist. the child uses, at home, the smart surface connected via internet to the centralized database via pc or tablet or smartphone and continues to use the games to improve his current skills and make the continuation of the educational process more enjoyable. the specialist, the parent, the caregiver can monitor both the quantity and the quality of the activities carried out, they can support the child in the feedback and modify the program of the exercises. frequently asked questions   you are asking for funds to develop your technology to help children with special education needs, would not you have earned more developing interactive games? developing games first, we would have achieved the economic results first but we would have distorted all the efforts made in favor of people with special educational needs. we have preferred the most impervious but most rewarding road!   wavedu states that, during the action, the child can change his thinking and therefore the continuation of the action. are you based on scientific evidence? according to bruner and kohlberg, thought influences action, but the concept that action can in turn change thinking has been highlighted in the research: cognitive events in a problem solving task: a qualitative method for investigating interactivity in the 17 animals problem frédéric vallée tourangeau & gaëlle vallée tourangeau kingston university london link to article: https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/20445911.2015.109519   you affirm that in children the influence of the external environment in the development of intelligence, therefore of education, is very strong and on a scale from 0 to 10 is worth 7 points out of 10, do you have any scientific references? yes! this concept is expressed in the research: the paradox of intelligence: heritability and malleability coexist in hidden gene environment interplay. sauce, bruno; matzel, louis d. ; department of psychology, rutgers university, piscataway, nj 08854. psychological bulletin, vol 144(1), jan 2018, 26 47 link to article: http://psycnet.apa.org/doilanding?doi=10.1037%2fbul0000131   you affirm that adequate cognitive strategies of non pharmacological "compensation" increase the cognitive reserve, do you have any scientific references? it is possible to read the original concepts in the research: the effects of cognitive training for elderly: results from my mind project giuli c, papa r, lattanzio f, postacchini d. unit of geriatrics, italian national research center on aging , inrca, fermo, italy . centre of socio economic gerontological research, italian national research center on aging , inrca, ancona, italy . scientific direction, italian national research center on aging , inrca, ancona, italy . link to article: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26952713   you also affirm that the cognitive reserve hinders cognitive decline and delays neurodegeneration, are there any scientific references here too? it is possible to read the original research texts in: the impact of bilingualism on brain reserve and metabolic connectivity in alzheimer's dementia daniela perania, mohsen farsadd, tommaso ballarinib, francesca lubiane, maura malpettia, alessandro fracchettif, giuseppe magnanig, albert marche, and jubin abutalebia san raffaele university, milan, italy; azienda sanitaria dell’alto adige, bolzano, italy link to article: http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2017/01/24/1610909114.abstract?sid=ec60dbc8 4835 46cb 93d6 317de4effac5   you affirm that it is possible to improve the useful skills in daily life by improving the working memory, do you confirm the existence of scientific data? of course! it is possible to read the original research texts in: benefits in tasks related to everyday life competences after a working memory in older adults alessandra cantarella, erika borella, barbara carretti, rossana de beni, matthias kliegel university of padova, italy university of geneva, geneva, switzerland link to article: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/gps.4448/full   how does wavedu use this research? wavedu has designed and applied for a patent about an intelligent surface that recognizes and locates objects placed on its surface. we have designed and implemented a sw based on artificial intelligence that infers from the position and the movements of the objects   in relation to the requests and the operating context   to the logical path followed, and adapts the exercises to the user's background and to the goals that have more probability of being reached first and which can influence the achievement of the least probable ones. wavedu proposes exercises that favor concentration, memory, reflection, creativity and critical capacity as well as the acquisition of contents and concepts appropriate to the context in which the individual lives.   spending too much time in front of the screens of tablets and cell phones also hurts the eyes, always focusing the vision on a close distance is considered one of the mechanisms most responsible for increasing cases of myopia since childhood.what does wavedu think about it? wavedu hinders these negative aspects of the use of new technologies, in fact the interposition, between the child and the screen, of the interface with its objects forces the child to focus objects and the screen at different distances and thus to prevent redness and myopia.   with an exaggeration with the use of it tools, can it be created dependency or inadequate behavior such as social isolation? wavedu also prevents inadequate use of online games by proposing activities of daily life that encourage the subsequent participation in common life moments already experienced in a virtual way. wavedu proposes a maximum time of use of the system of about two hours per day, with a maximum of 5 6 exercises lasting an average of twenty minutes each, the hours purchased can be increased up to 50% free of charge based on user response times. waveducoach should be used also off line with the caregiver that narrates and the child who moves player and npc, to share virtual and real experiences. this is especially true for 2 8 years children with whom interaction and exchange are fundamental.   can the used tools be dangerous for the child? absolutely not! they do not have any doubtful origins, they are all tested by us and checked by third bodies for all the required certifications.   why is the hardware provided on a free loan? the value of waveducoach is in the software and in deep learning, so the basic interface is provided on a free loan to avoid speculation. in fact, being available for free and being the interface under patent and complying with the regulations in force, those who would like to offer it overseas, circumventing patents, would be forced to offer it at a very low price. credits and thanksgiving associazione ombra luce onlus dr.ssa stefania riso, responsible unity 3d music: “cute” benjamin tissot bensound.com sound effects: suonoelettronico.com images: pixabay.com animations  reiner’s tilesets 3d objects – thingiverse.com – people and car miniatures by jumekubo 3d objects – thingiverse.com   house tea light cover by ksprin the guys, their families and the operators! you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 risks and challenges the company wavedu states that in the web communications an encryption will be used in compliance with the laws required for data protection. the company states that prototypes have been used in the films and tests and not the finished product, the last changes must be made to the final product, also aesthetic, also defined by quality certifications. common creative drawings, miniatures, music and sound effects were used in the tests. parents will be able to download the codes of some original waveducoach miniatures and print them in 2d and 3d. the company will strive to obtain quality certificates as soon as possible to confirm the high quality standards and to anticipate the sending of the customized product. initially the production will focus on specific exercises and protocols for the most widespread syndromes and intellectual disabilities and for the various stages of learning of the child. subsequently, the system will be used for the production of exercises for the generality of children, for less widespread syndromes and disabilities and for the offer of card and board games, and rpgs. not only gifted children and children with cognitive difficulties can use our intelligent surfaces; even the elderly with cognitive problems can be followed and can be helped to block the negative evolution by raising the "cognitive reserve". learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 