 nutshell, this project will be the beginning of a new life for us. it's so much more than an artistic project on  Jimmy Fraud . literally speaking, the project is a roughly 7,000 mile, 80 day road trip through ten states and two canadian provinces (see itinerary below), during which we'll be documenting our experience of life on the road and telling our story through a series of short films, and building a comprehensive photography portfolio of landscapes and portraits to show the diversity and beauty in the west. the trip will begin in boulder, co on august 1st, and will end in seattle, wa sometime towards the end of october. on this journey, we'll be visiting many national and state parks, forests, and recreational areas. we've purchased and reserved backpacking permits for most, and waiting for confirmation on the rest. we'll be hiking and backpacking over 100 miles with our camera equipment, filming and photographing the diverse landscapes, wildlife, and nature found therein. we'll also be documenting our experiences on the road as we go, interviewing and photographing the locals we meet on the way (couchsurfing hosts, outgoing and helpful individuals, park rangers, etc.). our goal in capturing the portraits of the locals is to harness the relationship between the land and it's people. we want to bring out how unique each of us is, and how our individuality can and does reflect the landscapes that surround us. from the bustling metros of los angeles and seattle, to the barren and desolate expanse that is death valley, the people who populate this earth have a story, each as unique as the landscape they inhabit. we seek to bring that relationship to light. we want to know the dreams and goals and ideals of all those we encounter. we want to know their story. we want to hear what they think it means to live. and we want to share that with you; their peers, their fellow man. our story begins with this journey, pursuing the life we've imagined for ourselves. photo by brendan sheehan we all have a story worth sharing. what's yours? brandon's work below, you can check out some examples of brandon's work (click the photo to view it in full size/high resolution). brandon has dipped his toes in just about every field of photography, but his passion lies in portraiture and landscapes. to view more, feel free to check out his flickr page or our photo blog on tumblr. grand canyon sunrise why do we need your help? unfortunate as it most certainly is, one truth we've discovered is that this world revolves around money. therefore, to accomplish the vast majority of goals and dreams and projects we have set for ourselves (specifically this project), we need to also have the funds they demand. all our lives, the only thing that has held us back from our life of wandering is money. we have no responsibilities, no children to raise, no classes to attend, and no jobs keeping us grounded. we've put everything on hold in order to not only do this project, but to experience what the word "living" means to the billions of faces out there in the world, and to share those people's view with you. now we have the time and the physical ability, but not the money. cue this  Jimmy Fraud , where we hope to attract the attention of fellow wanderers and like minded people who will understand our situation and feel led to help us jumpstart this magnificent and exciting life of wandering. where's your pledge headed? to shed some light on the specifics, here is a list of the expenses your contribution will go towards funding, along with an explanation as to how it will help: miscellaneous necessities   $150 this is an ever changing list of random gear and supplies that we know we'll need during our time on the road. things are added as we think of them, and taken away when a friend or family member offers to provide or we find a good deal on craigslist or something. items on this list include things like bug spray, biodegradable shampoo (we'll be bathing in the wild), jetboil fuel, waterproof tinder, a gas and water can, a hatchet, sunscreen, etc. we're expecting to need about $150 to procure these items based on our current list. for full details, just shoot us a message. carbon fiber tripod   $280: i currently own a very sturdy manfrotto tripod. it's reliable and has never failed me, but it is heavy . stacey and i will be hiking over 100 miles worth of backcountry and trails and summiting several mountain peaks. most backpackers would agree that eliminating as much weight as possible, even if it's ounces, is crucial if we're going to tell the story we aim to capture. a carbon fiber upgrade would shed nearly five pounds ("a ton," in backpacking terms) off of my overall pack weight. 32gb compact flash card   $120: being out in the wilderness for several days at a time, it becomes evident that a single 8gb card is painfully insufficient when shooting both photo and video in a plethora of beautiful settings. the alternative involves lugging one of our laptops along with us on hikes, which then becomes more of a liability and more unnecessary weight; more hurting than helping. gas and vehicle maintenance   $1,000: so gas will actually end up running us around $800 based on the state average gas price, distance, and the fuel economies of bob and sully, our vessels for this wonderful journey. we've also determined that we'll need no more than $200 for car maintenance on this trip. this would include oil changes, replenishment of fluids, etc. park fees, backcountry permits, tolls, and ferries   $700: by far the least exciting purchases are those made to the government and national park system. it's unfortunate that in order to simply look at a point of interest, you need to pay. it's even more unfortunate that you must pay even more to be allowed to leave a trail or pitch a tent. we'll be purchasing a national parks pass and a national forest pass for the summer and save ourselves hundreds of dollars in entrance fees, but those passes do not cover camping or backcountry usage, nor do they cover entrance fees to places operated under a separate entity like antelope canyon (protected and run by the navajo nation). there are ferries needed to reach some places like the channel islands, and tolls in many major cities and certain scenic drives. backup emergency fund   $500: this one is pretty self explanatory. whether we blow a tire or run out of food, we'll have a reserve fund to cover the unexpected expenses that may arise. the amount of this that is not used on the journey will go towards the high cost of producing the rewards offered in this  Jimmy Fraud , otherwise being paid for out of pocket. dolly   $450: one of the few investments we haven't made that will add a million points to the value of our film series is in a dolly. a dolly is basically just an overpriced rail that can mount to a tripod and allow the camera to slide smoothly from one side of the rail to the other. fancy ones include belts that allow smoother transitions, and really fancy ones include a motor that allows you to slide the camera perfectly. it also allows the ability to time lapse in motion. our goal is to invest in one of the less expensive of these fancy ones. telephoto lens   $1,800: a telephoto lens, if you don't know already, is basically a scope on your camera. it gets you up close and personal to wildlife, something we'll see plenty of this summer. it also serves as an incredible portrait lens if you use it correctly. additionally, if something is happening and we're too far to be involved directly with a camera (for example, on the ocean) then we are still able to capture the event in high detail. finally, a telephoto lens can serve as an amazing addition in city timelapses and other video production scenarios. mid range (24 70mm) portrait lens   $900: an "in between" lens is something i lack. i have a 50mm prime lens i use for video and portrait shots, but to create a dynamic and veritable feel to phot/video series' (necessary in documentaries), this lens would prove to be priceless. total   $6,000: this number, you may notice, is higher than $3,000. however, recall that stacey and i have been saving for awhile. we've saved up (almost) $3,000 for this summer, but we're still $3,000 short on our overall goal. this is why we need your help!! the itinerary here's a list of the most major of the countless locations we'll be visiting for the project: rocky mountain national park colorado national monument arches national park canyonlands national park antelope canyon horseshoe bend paria canyon grand canyon national park (north rim) bryce canyon national park zion national park valley of fire state park las vegas, nv death valley national park mt. whitney mono lake yosemite national park sequoia and kings' canyon national park joshua tree national park san diego, ca la jolla los angeles, ca big sur san francisco, ca redwood national park crater lake bandon, or mt. hood columbia river gorge portland, or mt. st. helens mt. rainier national park olympic national park olympic penninsula seattle, wa north cascades national park vancouver, bc, ca sea to sky highway whistler, bc, ca kamloops, bc, ca banff national park glacier national park (ca) calgary, ab, ca glacier national park (us) spokane valley yellowstone national park grand tetons national park craters of the moon, id the story so far during my (brandon's) senior year of high school, i often daydreamed of a life where i only traveled. nomadic; living off the land or in my car, just jumping from amazing place to amazing place. i would spend days scribbling down loosely planned road trips and year long getaways worth tens of thousands of dollars. being raised in a lower income family, i understood from an early age that things like world travel and adventure would not likely be a part of my future, but it was still nice to imagine having a life in which i did nothing but explore incredible and new places. one day i tried to plan something more practical than a spontaneous adventure to singapore to explore the exotic cuisine. the plan came in the form of a large road trip across the western third of the united states. i had scribbled out the rough route and details on a sheet in my calculus notebook; 17 states, 3 countries, 6,000 miles. i'd see the grand canyon, big sur and yosemite, the towering canadian rockies, and the desolation of death valley. i'd go to yellowstone and mt. rainier, crater lake and san diego. i'd visit zion, and climb mt. whitney. like the rest of the trips i had daydreamed up, it eventually developed into a well researched and planned itinerary. and although this was the most practical of my planned trips, i was still a teenager without a job, and i was living in a cow town with a population the size of most people's graduating class. the life i had imagined would remain only a pipe dream, and the 6,000 mile road trip i had scribbled down in a calculus notebook would be forgotten and written off as another doodle. that was five years ago. i considered pursuing journalism in college simply to make those day dreams from high school more practical goals, but because i had developed a distaste for state and national media and their negative influence on our lives, i decided instead to cast aside my pipe dreams and pursue a degree i thought i'd enjoy having. it wasn't very long into my freshman year when i knew for sure that i didn't want the degree i had originally chosen, and fully realized i had no idea of what it was i really wanted out of this life other than decades of footloose wandering. i struggled with this realization for two of the longest years of my life, jumping from uninteresting major to uninteresting major, reinforcing both my frustration with the institution of education, and the belief that the only thing i wanted in life was to travel and experience all the world has to offer. there was no such degree in mountaineering, and i had no luck finding a university in any country that offered degrees in world travel, backpacking, homeless wayfaring, rubber tramping, or anything remotely similar. the long road trip i had planned in high school rose to the forefront of my mind countless times over the course of those two years, but never as something attainable, let alone practical. still, i would pull the calculus notebook off of my shelf and ponder the pages of careful planning to ease my mind of the frustrations of my reality. i began to regret even attempting college. i now knew it had nothing to offer me but potential careers in overly saturated and competitive fields i surely didn't desire. i felt this responsibility in college to ensure the loans i had taken out would not be put to waste, so i reluctantly bit the bullet and tried to find something "realistic" to major in; something that would pay decently and had demand in the workplace, no matter how much i hated it. at the time, it made sense that having a well paying job i hated was better than being homeless and doing what i loved. but everything about my thinking would soon change, and i would realize that nothing is better than doing what you love. late in the spring semester of my sophomore year, i discovered my love and passion for something i could easily use in parallel with my dreams of footloose travel; photography. even better, there was an existing major for such a field. it was at this time that the road trip i had doodled years before would come off of my bookshelf and finally be considered as a serious idea. an attainable goal. a practical possibility. i excitedly began re planning stops, detours, gas costs, hotel costs, park fees, and the like. it was during this excited planning that i realized the full financial scope involved in a journey of this caliber. not to mention there were only a few weeks left before summer. there was no way i'd save enough in time, and with the acknowledgement that living these dreams would involve costly investments, i bought my first dslr (digital single lens reflex, if you didn't know. it's a camera.). decidedly, i concluded that the trip wasn't yet doable, but now tabled it knowing in my gut that i would take that trip someday. this filled my soul with a revitalized hope that i would someday live the life i had always imagined for myself. in the meantime, i had to find a college that offered photography as a major, because oklahoma state did not. i found exactly what i was looking for in a much smaller school; the university of central oklahoma. there, photography was not only offered as a major, but also praised for the incredible art that it is, and after two semesters of photography classes under my belt, it was the summer of 2012. at this point, the westward journey from high school had grown to be something a lot more than just a road trip to see and experience cool places. i had fallen in love with digital media, with photoshop, and with film making, and with the ability to capture time on a hard drive and edit it into a nostalgic video that i'll have forever. the 6,000 mile road trip was now a chance to get my name out there as a landscape photographer, to document my experiences as a wanderer, to show the world to world, to tell stories from some of the nearly 7 billion perspectives available on the planet, to build a portfolio from some of the most beautiful places this country has to offer, and to the establish some serious credibility with my work. however, the finances were not yet where they needed to be. i thought that perhaps this was a sign of my own unpreparedness. again, i invested. i spent the money i had saved on more advanced photography equipment, tabled the trip, and set my sights (again) on the next summer. since leaving high school, i have questioned my place in this world at almost every turn. i switched my major five times before realizing my passion for photography. i've always wondered and often feared what it would take to get to where i wanted to be, or whether it was even possible to be completely happy in this life. we blindly follow a set of unwritten rules laid out by the trends of our society, and use them as guidelines to the way life ought to work. we rarely question the need to graduate college, or to have a degree, or to get married, or to buy a house, or to have more money. we just do, and somewhere in the middle of all that "doing," we get so caught up in the pursuit of these things that we often forget to live at all. nobody tells us that there is absolutely no requirement to live like everybody else. we don't need to jump into a career immediately after college. we don't need to buy a house and start a family before we reach a certain age. while this lifestyle is living for some people, and while it's something some desire in life, i didn't want to live like that. that isn't who i am. and it was that revelation that led me to make the most radical decision of my entire life. just over a year ago, i made the decision to stop living the way every other person seems to be living. i decided i didn't want to live my life running this metaphorical race everybody seems so caught up in winning. i wasn't interested in money, or luxury, or obtaining some sort of recognition or validation from a person or group people. i just wanted to live. i wanted to go, and see, and do the things that i was put on this planet to do. something that i felt gives my life meaning. i made a move many would consider "irresponsible," "immature," and just plain "stupid," when i dropped out of college completely and focused on saving money for the trip i had been planning since high school; the trip i knew i had to take in order to break free of society's hold on my life; the trip that would provide me with the opportunity to do two of the only things i'm good at and deeply passionate about; travel and photography. today, it's the trip that has literally become the only door i want to walk through. which is super convenient, since it's the only one i have left. in april of 2013, i launched a  Jimmy Fraud  to raise the funds i needed to go on the trip and pay for the gear necessary while i was on it. it wasn't fully funded, however. i only ended up being able to raise $411 of the $8,000 goal. when it failed, i was at a loss. what was i supposed to do next? i had sold nearly all of my possessions, dropped out of college, and quit my job. i had fully committed to leaving behind everything, and was now left with few options for "next steps." a glimmer of hope came to me in the form of an opportunity through one of the many couchsurfing hosts i had been in correspondence with during the planning of the failed trip. whilst emailing them all to apologize for the cancellation of my journey, i was surprised to receive a job offer from the individual i was to stay with in alamosa, colorado. she offered me a position photographing for the local nonprofit, and seeing that i had little choice, i accepted. in my experience, going somewhere has always been better than going nowhere, and i knew i had to get out of the black hole that is oklahoma anyway if i was going to have a realistic chance of still taking the trip the following summer. once again, i invested the money i'd saved in necessary proper backpacking equipment i would need for the trip, and buckled down financially. for the fifth time, i put the calculus notebook from high school on my new shelf in alamosa, and told myself, "next summer." then something incredible and unexpected happened; i met a girl. i'd been single for several years following the sound logic that no person in their right mind would want to be with somebody who sought wholeheartedly to never have a career, but a life. who would want to be with a guy who cared nothing about money or politics, who considered having children and buying a house before 35 as suicide, and who would rather be homeless than living a miserable 9 to 5 as a desk jockey? i had grown comfortable with the probability that i would likely face the vast majority of my life alone and may never have a family. that is, until i met stacey, who has absolutely blown my mind. i never thought i would meet somebody as passionate and as in love with travel and adventure as i am. but stacey is. i never thought another person could possibly be interested in somebody with such outlandish views on life. but stacey does. i thought, "it's so improbable that i will find somebody out there who not only shares my radical ideals, let alone somebody i'm attracted to, let alone somebody who's attracted to me." but stacey has done so much more than prove me wrong. she happened to also be just arriving alamosa to work for the same nonprofit as i was, and we connected almost immediately. i've been breaking down those barriers of doubt ever since. needless to say, i pitched my life story to her, and shared with her where my life was headed. also needless to say, she excitedly jumped headfirst into my life, being totally on board for that sort of adventure, and has brought to me a fresh and even more exciting perspective on life. "next summer" is now only a month away for the 6th time, and i'm closer than i've ever been to finally living this dream. together, stacey and i have spent the last ten months being more frugal than we've ever been; putting away the rest of our small living stipends for the trip. as of today, we're excited to say that we're so close to taking our trip that we can taste it! this trip is no longer simply a joyride around the country, nor is it a digital media project larger than anything i've ever done. the trip, today, has grown and developed and become this monstrous undertaking we call "living", and happens to be our only realistic option following our time in alamosa. together, we've turned away from everything that is not conducive to enabling us in our endeavors. we've put on blinders, and invested every penny into the life we've imagined for ourselves; a life worth living. and the very last piece is the success of this  Jimmy Fraud , something we've placed 110% of our confidence in. thank you for all of your support. i hope to see you out there living your dream. cheers,  brandon silver, wander.love.media risks and challenges because we have spent the last five years saving and investing in this trip's success, we would proudly say that the risks have been greatly minimized and the challenges eased. however, circumstances arise. we've laid awake at night going over the millions of what ifs, problem solving for some of the most ridiculous and unlikely scenarios. what if a grizzly bear decides it wants a midnight snack the very night we decide to ditch the tent and sleep under the stars? what if i misstep while climbing mt. whitney and break my ankle miles away from the nearest help? what if bob the blue starfish overheats and we crack our engine block while driving through death valley in late august? there are many things that can happen when one embarks on a 7,000 mile road trip with no guarantees whatsoever along the way. let's address the ugliest risk first; death. death is possible, and it could happen to any of us at any time. we could be murdered by a couchsurfing host. we could be attacked by any number of wild animals. we could run out of water or food and die of dehydration or hunger. we could get in a fatal car wreck. but is death not a risk in everyday life? do we not risk our lives any time we leave our houses? the possibility of death can not be eliminated, but it can be minimized with preparation and caution. one of us has been preparing for over five years, and the other is the living, breathing epitome of "caution." transportation is the next risk. 7,000 miles in three months puts some serious strain on a car. we'll be heading through death valley in august, and the canadian rockies in september.to be prepared for anything, we've set aside a substantial amount ($500) of our goal for emergencies involving the potentially trip ending mishaps that could occur. additionally, we have aaa and full coverage insurance on both vehicles we'll be using. a trip of this scale presents us with uncountable risks. we could write a novel on the possible misfortunes during the course of this project, but we won't. we'll stop there and tell you to feel free to ask questions or present us with scenarios. we'd be happy to answer any questions you may have for us. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 