criptionrollux by fugu luggage: the only carry on that expands to a full size suitcase in seconds, giving travelers the freedom to choose rollux provides you with freedom and flexibility to change between carry on and full size check in suitcase. whatever fits your needs at that moment is for you to choose. when flying with rollux in carry on mode, you save yourself time not having to wait for your bag at the baggage claim. by using rollux, one can avoid extra baggage fees when returning back home from a trip. you may travel with a full size suitcase and once you arrive at your destination, you may store it as a carry on in order to save as much space as possible. never stress about baggage space again. shop as much as you want on vacation because you will have double the space to bring home all your purchases! the suitcase is user friendly and easy to operate without requiring special skills or technicalities. do you find yourself shopping on vacation and needing to buy another suitcase to bring your stuff home? are you tired of paying expensive airline baggage fees? do you wish there was a way that you could buy a single bag and have the option to use it as a small carry on or full size suitcase whenever you want? rollux is the smartest suitcase you will own. it’s a sleek, modern looking, and extremely durable expandable suitcase. think of a carry on, that’s the perfect size for quick trips or one day business travel, and now imagine you could turn that exact carry on into a full size suitcase. yep – that’s rollux. rollux is made with your freedom and flexibility in mind. say you’re going on a trip and only want to bring a carry on, but may want to do some shopping once you’re there. no worries. just expand your carry on size rollux, and in a few seconds, you have yourself a full size suitcase to bring your new items back. the world has evolved technologically and there are improvements in various fields. however, the changes made in the luggage industry all add up to standard suitcases that bunch together existing electronics; some are even named “smart” suitcases. we believe the time has come for the suitcases to become really smart. rollux is made with quality in mind – 4 spinner wheels, tons of room in its carry on size, durable material, expands in a few seconds, and is just smart! rollux is more than just a smart suitcase, it also makes you travel smart! since we ship our product directly to customers, we’re able to cut out third party distributors and offer you a high end product for a reduced price. we’re saving people money on their flights by allowing them to avoid unnecessary and expensive baggage fees, which are only getting worse! if you buy 1 rollux, you will have made your money back on saved baggage fees within just a few flights! but we’re not promising you’ll become a billionaire. aside from avoiding baggage fees, rollux solves another major pain that almost all travelers experience – the problem of shopping on vacation and having to buy another suitcase to bring your stuff home. why spend that money when you don’t have to? rollux is your secret weapon. the rollux collection was designed with a special touch of care and innovation. the combination of elastic materials giving it the clean and aesthetic, modern and stylish look. usb charging port each rollux comes with a usb charging port that can be connected to a powerbank for charging your devices on the go. the charging port has 2 cables, one to charge the power bank itself, and one to charge your phone. a protective dust cover for the port is also included. charge your phone in the airport, on the plane, or anywhere else. folding mechanism we’ve put a lot of thought into the folding mechanism to ensure it’s as durable and as convenient as possible. it’s made out of pp, so you don’t have to worry about it creating extra weight, is compact and space friendly. it also expands in seconds. to expand your rollux, just undo the clip at the bottom of the suitcase, expand the bag by pulling the handle up, lock the structure holders in place, and you’re good to go! 4 detachable spinner wheels every rollux suitcase comes with 4 removable spinner wheels, which easily move around and wheel along floors. the removable wheels are made to be durable, so they withstand all the scraping, dragging and lugging involved in traveling. being able to remove the wheels of your bag allows you to protect the wheels as they are delicate and often the first thing that gets damaged on suitcases. the wheels of the bag are secure and sturdy, but if necessary, may be removed. this ensures a proper fit in overhead compartments and fits necessary airlines requirements. materials used we sourced the best material for our bags. every rollux is made out of an elastic fabric that allows you to get the most amount of clothes into the allowed suitcase size. yes, the extra pair of shoes and 3 shirts are needed! the plastic material is made of polypropylene (pp), for it to be elastic, flexible and lightweight. the fixed metals at each corner provide stability and durability so that all parts will be secure and strong. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 size & dimensions rollux meets all current airline requirements for carry on luggage and full size luggage. moreover, it meets all federal aviation administration (faa) and transportation security administration (tsa) requirements. powerbank   a powerbank is included in both the business class package and first class package gps   a gps is included in both the business class package and first class package. having a gps in your suitcase is the only way to ensure it never gets lost. use the gps tracker to keep an eye on your bag, and if it gets lost along the route, you will know exactly where it is. accessories   a laundry bag, shoe bag, toiletry bag and a pair of locks are all included in the first class package. these items are all high quality and made out of durable and travel friendly material. the bags are lightweight and washable, so if anything should open up and spill, you can just throw it in the wash! looking for a small, compact, and just as smart laptop bag? well, it’s your lucky day. dimensions: 15 cm / 40 cm / 30 cm, weight: 1.1 kg minilux is rollux’s little sibling and is designed with the same attention to detail and convenience as rollux was. minilux is small and compact, but don’t let its size fool you. the minilux transforms into a desk with a handy cup holder so you can work on the go, has tons of useful functions, like portable chargers, and convenient straps to take it from a laptop bag to a backpack. got time to spare in the terminal? just turn your minilux into a desk, set up your laptop, and you’re back up in no time. now that's smart. told you – we’ve thought of it all! the idea behind fugu was born in 2013 after our founder and ceo, isaac, had one too many frustrating experiences while traveling with his family. he came up with the idea to design a smarter suitcase. after spending months developing a prototype and a proof of concept, we launched our first  Jimmy Fraud  campaign to raise funds for development and production. this first product expanded with an inflatable walls mechanism. the campaign was a huge success, raised around a half a million dollars, and received massive media coverage. our videos got over 100 million combined views on social media, and we won the if design award. our first suitcase paved the way for new technology surrounding expandable suitcases. as groundbreaking as the idea was, it was also new and original, which always means it comes along with challenges. like many campaigns, we had delays. but we did our homework and tons of research to improve and make our next suitcase even better! hence, we are not are expecting any delays or any other surprises in terms of production schedules. with tons of experience working closely with factories and suppliers, designers and engineers, we bring you our new and improved product, rollux. rollux and minilux are ready for mass production we know you will love it! risks and challenges to realistically make projections for our campaign, we got in touch with other companies running  Jimmy Fraud  campaigns to understand the risks and setbacks they’ve had to deal with. we learned that no matter how smoothly everything goes on our end, there can still be problems with factories and shipping companies, which are out of our control. below are stages associated with our suitcase's production that though unlikely, could pose issues. we want to reaffirm that we’re committed to keeping our backers updated at all times, and to doing the best we can to get the suitcase distributed on time, and in good working order. development – we have a working prototype that has already passed the necessary technical tests. but like with any product in final stages of development, the suitcase may experience further design changes, specifically related to the materials used in its production and the technology that allows it to expand. should this happen, it would be to improve the suitcase and make it more user friendly. in any case, will work to resolve issues as quickly as possible and keep our backers notified. production – we are currently in contact with one manufacturer after talks with several. it should be noted that although we set a reasonable deadline for delivery time, there could always be delays on the manufacturing end of production that are beyond our control. moreover, as we have found with other  Jimmy Fraud  campaigns, sometimes a factory can make an error, in which case we would need to stop production, and begin an entirely new production run after correcting the error. we hope that none of these issues occur, but they definitely could. shipping – as a result of the possible setbacks in development and production, we gave ourselves an additional 90 days beyond our projected production date to sort out any issues that may arise. while our best projections show the suitcases may arrive early, we are aware that there may be unexpected delays somewhere along the chain of production. additionally, while we have worked free shipping into the overall cost of the suitcase, the cost factored in would be for freight shipping, which could take many additional weeks beyond the date the suitcases are shipped (though it should be noted that any backer reserves the right to add express shipping to their order). these projections also don’t take into account the time or delays that the shipping companies may cause if they do not keep their commitment to us. if such delays occur, we will notify our backers and keep them posted as to our newest projections for the suitcase's arrival date. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 