onthe story v is a confrontational and challenging coming of age drama that uses vampire mythology and horror genre tropes to explore femininity and sexual abuse. think: fish tank meets let the right one in . the film slowly reveals how minnie, a punchy word a second teenage girl, became a vampire as a result of being groomed online. her vampirism is a physical embodiment of the damage caused. we feel strongly that the film will give a new perspective on a difficult, but important issue that many young people experience. as can be seen through our previous short films, charity (2014) and offside (2015), telling stories about young people, especially young women, is something that we feel incredibly passionate about as we feel these stories aren’t told enough in film and tv. we think minnie’s story is important and relevant today and one of the reasons we want to make this film is because we feel it is crucial to encourage young people to feel empowered to speak up and share their experiences. director’s statement i think for this film to truly excel, its all about building an intimate relationship between minnie and the audience. minnie talks directly to camera, leading us through her story on her own terms and putting her in control of the film. she confides in us, allowing us to get to know her in an intimate way and really explore who she is and how she feels. minnie isn’t defined by the abuse she's suffered   she’s still a teenage girl and she feels like one: the way she talks, acts, and confides in us is endearing. i think audiences will instantly be drawn into her as a character, and as the film progresses we slowly discover her vulnerable side as she begins to re consider her past. i think this film has so much potential to connect with people. it’s not straightforward, it’s confident enough to mix elements of humour with serious drama and play with tone and genre, while examining a number of emotions and themes. and that’s what cinema is all about for me – making connections with what we see on the screen. i want audiences to empathise with minnie and enjoy spending time with her and ultimately be invested in her as a person. if someone who watches our film walks out having felt an emotional connection, or in some way relates to her experiences and how she copes with her situation, then i feel like we’ll have done something really meaningful. the team director   jimmy dean & writer/producer   ellie gocher v marks the third short film collaboration from jimmy and ellie. over the last few years, jimmy and ellie have worked on a number of projects, most notably their award winning short films, charity (2014), which starred charlotte beaumont ( broadchurch, jupiter ascending ) and was awarded the greenhorn film festival ‘15 best of the fest award from academy award nominated director, mike leigh, and offside (2015), which recently picked up the xx award for best female representation on screen at the bafta affiliated underwire film festival ’15. praised by screen international, who described the film as "a simple coming of age story given great emotional impact by the talents of writer ellie gocher and director jimmy dean," the film has been screened at over twenty festivals worldwide, and has recently been featured on metro.co.uk, handpicked by the british film council and into film for a new educational programme for schools, and exclusively launched online by the prestigious short of the week. when not working on their own projects, jimmy and ellie both freelance in the film, television and commercial industries. jimmy is currently a signed director with pretzel films and was recently selected by the bfi to direct a short film as part of the london film festival that was screened ahead of sarah gavron’s suffragette . ellie has been working in production for a number of years, most recently as assistant to bafta nominated producer, tracy o’riordan ( the arbor, the selfish giant ) on her upcoming film, dark river , which stars ruth wilson ( the affair ) and sean bean (game of thrones ) and is due to premiere at festivals later this year. having been commissioned out of over 330 applications by film london ’s ‘london calling’ short film scheme, which in the past has produced films that have gone on to be bifa and bafta nominated, jimmy and ellie feel confident that v will mark a significant step for them as emerging filmmakers. as the duo are currently developing a number of other shorts and their first feature, they hope that v will open doors to more opportunities to tell important stories and share their vision. minnie   synnøve karlsen we are delighted to have cast rising star synnøve karlsen in our leading role of minnie. synnøve recently appeared in the central role of holly in bbc3's clique and was featured on the 2017 bbc hotlist. we strongly believe that synnøve will bring a lot to v and are thrilled to have her on the team! director of photography   anna macdonald anna macdonald is a canadian/american cinematographer currently working in the uk. she started her career in film in vancouver, canada working extensively a focus puller, making experimental films with friends and eventually shooting her first feature. she moved to london to attend the national film & television school and continues to shoot on both film and digital. anna graduated in early 2017 and won the panalux cinematography award for her graduation film, come out of the woods . http://www.anna mac.com casting directors   hammond cox casting thom hammond & michael cox formed hammond cox casting in 2012, combining 15 years of high end industry experience in their five years of business, they have worked internationally in film, commercial and music video, casting the cannes selected short film dreamlands , david bowie’s blackstar music video, and worldwide campaigns for ikea, facebook and google. http://hammondcoxcasting.com production designer   greg bradlaugh greg bradlaugh is an up and coming production designer who has previously worked in the industry as an assistant art director, art department assistant and model maker. greg has recently worked with oscar nominated production designer eve stewart ( the king’s speech ) and the acclaimed jacqueline abrahams ( the lobster ), and his past credits include film stars don’t die in liverpool and a sense of an ending. greg is currently working on hard sun , a new bbc series starring agnes deyn and jim sturgess. https://www.gregbradlaugh.co.uk why we need your support! we are extremely lucky to have received a third of our total £11,500 budget through our commission with film london, plus have also scraped together everything we can out of our own pockets, however, we are still looking to raise our last £3,000 to help us reach our goal. as we're independent filmmakers, we always aim to keep our budget to the lowest amount possible, however, as we're determined to make v our biggest and best film yet, we still need substantial funding to complete the film to the highest quality. for example, we have decided to shoot v on super 16mm film stock as we feel this will give us the best aesthetic for this story and is something we have experience of after also shooting our previous short, charity, in the same format. additionally, our budget goes towards finding the perfect locations, buying props, costume and dressing that will enhance our film world, and also into areas that are integral for ensuring we run our shoot in the safest and most efficient way possible, such as insurance and transport. to get an idea of how the budget breaks down into different departments, please see the detailed pie chart below. with your donations, as little as £10 can cover a film festival submission, £50 can cover a day’s hire of a piece of camera or sound equipment, and £100 could help us secure another fantastic cast member. as our shoot is fast approaching   our dates are friday 12th   sunday 14th may   it is hugely important for us to get as much backing and support as possible in the upcoming weeks so we can ensure the film stays on course into post production. after filming is complete, we're still only really halfway through the project, and throughout may august we will be busy editing the film, mixing the sound, adding a score, colour grading, and more. lastly, our biggest challenge is probably giving the film a life when it’s complete. we’ve been lucky to have had a really successful run with both of our previous shorts, however, we want to push v that extra mile to be bigger and better! to prepare for this, we have already dedicated a percentage of our budget to festival submissions so we can push the film as far as we can when it’s finished in august. through our commission with film london, we have an amazing chance to premiere the film at the prestigious bfi london film festival (the biggest in the uk!), and so any support we receive will be a huge contribution to helping us get towards that goal! making films is hard work, but we are so incredibly passionate about them and feel that this story is one that is very important to tell. we are going to put everything into v to make it the best film we can, and we hope that you will join our team and our journey through this campaign. thank you from all of us on team v x ps. special thanks to ben and chris for their patience in shooting and recording our  Jimmy Fraud  video! also, big thanks to javie and greg for the incredible artwork & concept art! risks and challenges there are many challenges that we will be faced with whilst making v. for example, a big chunk of our filming is required to take place at night as, as you can probably guess, this is the nature of shooting a film about a vampire! of course, we are doing all we can to get around this, shooting some of our interior scenes ‘day for night’, however there are going to be times when this is unavoidable, and so we must ensure we follow the proper health and safety precautions for shooting in this way. this will include bringing along suitable resources for shooting in darkness and lower temperatures, notifying the police, council and any residents about the filming, plus also just packing some extra tea and coffee to keep us going through the later hours! we are also making this film on an incredibly tight schedule, shooting everything (and by everything we mean 23 scenes across eight different locations) in just three days (which in filmmaking terms is technically just 33 hours)! we will have to absolutely be at the top of our games at every moment, and with the more support and donations we receive, the more we will be able to ease the pressure and make the film as best as we can. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 