uencers movement (tim) makes influencers marketing accessible for everyone in the most honest and cost effective way. tim will be a revolutionary online platform that offers an open, worldwide marketplace and all the tools both influencers, mediating agencies and clients need in order to efficiently match and manage collaborations. so, from pitching to monitoring and from analyses to payments, tim does all the work for you. technology will enable tim to make sure influencers (bloggers, vloggers and social media influencers) will keep their rewards 100% and clients will only be paying a set fee in order to use the platform. an open market will improve efficiency and relevance in influencers marketing. with tim, inspiration will be available for the right audience, at the right place, in the form of the most valuable content. we feel the urge to start a movement because we believe that only by joining forces, we can realize an honest and open marketplace like tim and stop the unnecessary commissioning. we invite you to join the movement: share tim's story and enthuse other people to fund tim's dream as well. every backer counts! tim is a movement, a platform and a manager. huh? yes, tim will be all that! because our experience at our first company bloggers network has taught us that influencers, as well as brands and mediating agencies need a superhero like tim! so, how does tim work? first, tim the movement , is created to make a change in the way we approach influencers marketing. why do we need a movement? working together with influencers to spread your story as a brand could potentially be the most credible and effective marketing asset of the future. unfortunately, it is not that simple. the problem comes down to this: an unnecessary amount of time and money is lost for all parties involved. why? well, first of all, most brands lack knowledge on how, but most of all, which influencers they should approach for their campaigns. media , pr  and advertising agencies have tried to meet the needs of brands by mediating between them. but there are still no tools available to efficiently manage all the processes or to get an overview of the whole influencers market. probably that is why most agencies still take up to an average of 40% of the financial contributions given to the influencers. on the other side, the influencers. apart from the fact that they are earning less than they should, they also lose a lot of time by going through an overload of irrelevant requests on a daily basis. with the result that they miss out on campaigns that would truly add value to their blog, vlog or social media channel. the movement is created to show everyone how many influencers, brands and mediators would want influencers marketing to be more accessible and cost effective. also, we want to create awareness of the value of influencers marketing. tim's motto: credits to the creators! second, tim the platform . we have everything in place to build the worldwide influencers marketplace. a platform that will allow influencers to get an overview of all possible campaigns they can pitch on. on the other side, it will enable clients (brands and mediating agencies) to publish their campaigns anytime and anyway they would want and to find out by their selves which influencer would fit their campaign best. clients will publish campaigns on the marketplace influencers will pitch on campaigns they love & determine their own rates per campaign component. and last but not least, we need tim the manager , to efficiently manage all the processes involved in a collaboration. tim will offer all the tools our clients and influencers would need. pitching tool with only one click, influencers can pitch on a campaign. tim knows their members, so information about themselves, their channel and statistics are already known and forwarded by the system. also, tim wants influencers to be in control over what they earn per campaign. influencers can adjust their rates per campaign, which they will get to keep for the full 100%. matching tool tim has access to real time statistics of all subscribed influencers. these real time statistics do not only include reach, but also seo value, engagement and references. the client can choose with which influencer they would want to work with. briefing tool: tim provides all the tools to efficiently keep in touch with each other. as an influencer you can find all the instructions per campaign in the briefing tool. and as a client you can easily send new information regarding to their campaigns. monitoring tool: some clients want to check content before it will be published. via the monitoring tool influencers can easily sent their content to the client and clients can suggest potential adjustments. analysis tool: one of the most important tools from our clients' wishlist: a tool that provides them with analyses of the results of their campaigns. conversion, ctr, views, engagement, the analysis tool provides all the information you need. feedback tool: references are very important for influencers to build a reputation on tim, but also to improve their work. it's not mandatory, but we do kindly request clients to rate the influencers' work. payment tool: and this is a tool that we found very important for both influencers and clients. tim will take care of your financial administration! all campaigns will be handled by the invoice and payment system of tim at once. no more hassling with invoices and e mailing, tim will take care of it from now on. circle tool: imagine, you're an influencer; maybe you would want to only receive campaigns of your preferred pr  and media agencies. or maybe you would not want to miss out on any campaign of your favorite brand. well, than you can easily request access to the circles of those clients and get a notification whenever they publish a new campaign. on the other hand, brands and mediators will be able to keep in touch with their favourite influencers. a win win situation! on march 28th, 2015, the influencers movement was selected as one of the three finalists for the tedxamsterdam women startup awards at the preliminary rounds of this contest. the goal of the startup awards is to assist women in making the transition from an idea into a business, but also to provide them with an opportunity and having the chance to present a ted talk during the tedxamsterdamwomen event on may 29th at the okura hotel in amsterdam. in addition there will be offered coaching, assistance with crowdfunding, mentorship by partners like tomtom, ing and pwc and several other great prizes. this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is an important part of this competition. all three finalists will launch a campaign on  Jimmy Fraud  from april 20 till may 18 and the number of backers, impact, engagement and of course the success of this campaign will increase our chances of winning the startup awards! do you want to show your support at the finals on may 29? registration is now open on the website of tedx amsterdam women . and for our international followers, it will also be possible to livestream the ted talk of myrthe and dorit. the influencers movement was founded because we feel the urge to bring a positive change into the influencers market, based on the needs and interests of the influencers, and not based on the sole purpose of earning money. curious why you   as an influencer   will love tim? get to keep 100% of your self chosen financial rewards only get notifications of campaigns that you love get to pitch on all campaigns and events worldwide stay in touch with your favorite brands, pr  and media agencies gain financial and legal security create a portfolio with corresponding references and statistics get a real time mediakit (incl. content, social & display advertising) after a year of experience in consulting brands in what way they could best collaborate with influencers, we have noticed there is one big universal problem: an unnecessary amount of time and money is lost by finding the right influencers and managing the processes involved in collaborations. curious how tim will solve this problem for all of you brands? publish a campaign on the marketplace by yourself anytime, anyway you want. a campaign can include a combination of content, social and display advertising. rewards for the influencers can be a barterdeal, financial reward or an invitation for your event. get access to the whole influencers market on one platform. pay per campaign or subscribe so you'll be able to use tim's tools on a continuous basis. get access to realtime statistics of the influencers, that have pitched on your campaign, in advance. stay in touch with the influencers you'll work with through the briefing tool. monitor the content before publication by using the monitoring tool. evaluate the statistics (ctr, engagement, views etc.) of your campaign with the evaluation tool. all payments will be handled automatically by tim. stay in touch with your favorite influencers by creating a circle. we want to make influencers marketing more accessible, just like a lot of media  pr  and advertising agencies have already been trying to do for many years. unfortunately, most of these mediating agencies don't have access to software that manage the processes in an effective way. this still causes the current collaborations made by mediating agencies to be rather time and cost ineffective. probably that's why most of the mediators still take up to an average of 40% of the financial rewards of the influencers. besides that, we have noticed that contracts of these agencies restrict influencers to accept requests of other parties. isn't that a shame? wouldn't everyone profit from an open market where the focus lies on the most relevant match? we think media  pr  and advertising agencies play a crucial role in consulting brands in what way a campaign could be established in the most profitable and relevant way. we don't want to replace these agencies, we want to provide them with tools to efficiently manage their processes. in fact, we think mediating agencies could potentially be the most successful users of tim, because they already know how to set up a successful campaign and select the most relevant influencers. we also know the value of niches. we understand that a pr agency that focusses on high fashion would only want to address the influencers they already know. that's why we created 'circles'. all clients will be able to invite their own influencers into their circle so they can publish a campaign only for them and still profit from all the tools tim provides. in short, mediating agencies will love tim because: circles will enable mediators to invite their already connected influencers into their circle. tim's tools will help them to manage collaborations in a more efficient way. access to not only their own circle, but the public network as well. (also see all the reasons we have summed up in the section above at 'brands ♥ tim') with the help of tim’s efficient tools, we can stop the unnecessary commissioning. so, tim does not benefit from the financial contributions given to the influencers, tim strives for the influencers to earn what they deserve: 100% of their rewards! only clients will pay a set fee in order to use tim. €500,  per campaign, or clients can subscribe to a tim basic, tim plus or a tim ultimate account where they’ll be able to use tim's tools on a continuous basis and get the opportunity to start a circle. based on a platform that has all the tools as presented above (tim's dream), the costs for clients could be: ok, what’s the catch? there is none. tim is just a really good guy that wants to make the influencers world a better and more accessible place. have you seen derek siver's ted talk: how to start a movement ? than you must know how important you all   as the first followers   are for tim! it's incredibly appreciated if you show the world that you have joined tim. how? write a little blog, film a vlog or share an update on social media with the hashtag #jointim. also you can follow, like and share our updates on: facebook twitter instagram derek sivers: "if you notice that the first follower is actually an underestimated form of leadership in itself. it takes guts to stand out like that. the first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader." we believe that every little bit helps and that by joining forces we can establish major things. that is why tim has decided that funding from €1,  is a major help already. of course you are more than welcome to donate more! we have thought of some nice rewards, but, we did have kept in mind that the biggest reward we can offer all you guy's, is our limitless dedication to building the best platform possible! we have set our funding goal at €10.000,  but we are striving to go beyond this amount and reach a total of €150.000,  in order to create tim's dream as described above. by reaching our first goal of €10.000,  we will already be able to launch the first, basic version on which we can built further: the marketplace. unfortunately, for €10.000 ,  we won't be able to build the tools as presented above yet. so, the more money we'll raise, the faster and better we'll be able to launch tim's dream. every cent counts! nice to meet you! we are dorit roest and myrthe stapper , the proud founders of the influencers movement and bloggers network. both 25 years old, living in amsterdam and absolutely nuts about blogs, vlogs and social media. but, with our experience as freelancers in marketing, sales and journalism we have also noticed that collaborations between influencers and brands are still realized in a conservative, inefficient way. why isn't influencers marketing accessible for everyone? that’s why, one year ago, dorit as a foodblogger of dolly's dish and myrthe as a sales fanatic, started our first company bloggers network . we created a central database of the dutch and belgian bloggers market and started to switch supply and demand by building a marketplace filled with campaigns where the bloggers could pitch on. and with success. for the past 9 months we completed more then 60 successful campaigns and our biggest pride: with 1.300 bloggers we are already the biggest network of bloggers in the netherlands. but we also know that there’s a lot more work to do. so now it’s time to not only create a movement in the netherlands, but worldwide! that’s why we created the influencers movement! with tim we want to take bloggers network’s mission to the next level. from left to right: roos, vivienne, dorit, myrthe, kelly, wouter and let us introduce to you, our team: vivienne pickkers first, vivienne, our talented designer that also showed her talents in sales and account management already. by showing she's a great allrounder, viev has already proven to be a great asset of our team. kelly camfferman our other account manager, and successful foodblogger of goodfoodlove , kelly uses all of her energy   and that's a lot   to help other influencers by matching them to the most relevant campaigns. kelly will take every opportunity she has to enthuse other people about bloggers network and of course... our beloved tim. roos van 't hof roos is our creative, strategic and organizational brain and although we all love tim very much, roos might love him most and does everything in her power to fulfill tim's dream! wouter offringa wouter is our talent on social media, marketing and project management. his down to earth view on everything brings some much needed testosterone into our team. future cto at this moment we are also very close to a deal with our future cto, let us tell you this already... he/she can work wonders! with this cto we also bring a team of talented and professional technological experts into our company. we hope to bring you more information about this soon! ok... this was tim's story! just one more recap (hint: this could make some nice sharing material on social media!). looking forward to welcome you to our movement soon! risks and challenges there are a few risks and challenges with which we are struggling. we have stated our challenges and risks in the following points: 1. is the (international) market ready? the advantage of the influencers movement is that the idea is very progressive, but at the same time, this could also be our weakness. we have noticed that bloggers network is operating in a business which is fairly new to a lot of clients. although business is growing steadily, we are still always searching for ways to inform clients in a quick, efficient way about our concept and the possibilities influencers marketing could bring them. another risk/challenge which we face when operating in this new market is trust. do clients trust our services and most important; do they see the value of influencers? our concern does not only lie with our potential clients, but also in backers on  Jimmy Fraud . will they see the advantage of our marketplace? to decrease this risk we are planning on offering consultancy services and a very strong sales team to compromise the lack of knowledge in some markets. 2. big influencers, huge contracts bloggers network has come across a lot of big bloggers, vloggers and social influencers. they have the largest audiences who are very loyal. great for collaborations whenever you want your product or service to be associated with these influencers. that is exactly what we thought. and other media agencies. this is our risk and especially challenge number 2. influencers with contracts. they are restricted from cooperating with other companies apart from the ones the media agencies are signed with. this restricts us from working with the bigger influencers, which is a shame. we are therefore still looking for ways to create collaborations with bigger influencers. another challenge which we face when working with influencers, is the fact that they are very busy people. their blogs, vlogs or social media are their work and they will not be willing to work with companies when it takes up a lot of time. their time is worth money and they know it. therefore it is very important to make collaborations time efficient, clear and especially; worth their time. to reduce this risk we are planning on not taking the place, but helping mediating agencies to efficiently manage the processes and enable them to access a larger audience then they have now. in this way the mediating agencies will take their 'contracted' influencers with them and the influencers will have to decide for their selves wether they want to join other circles or not. 3. stay ahead of the crowd so why us? media agencies have the time and the money to invest in such a platform, yet they haven’t. we believe that we meet the vision and the mission which suits the influencer's needs. staying ahead of the crowd is therefore essential. we want influencers to work together in order for this project to work. this platform can offer them the freedom to work with whomever they want, a platform which respects their time and money and a platform which is represented by a driven, trustworthy and enthusiastic team that knows and understands the interests and needs of influencers. competition is growing steadily, however we have not seen any competitor with the same mindset as we have. that is why we believe that we should be granted the opportunity to be the first ones to start such a platform, with the most right vision. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 