ort film: the school of fame in the near future (2030) only the popularity on the web is of any value, meaning that the only thing that counts is how many trackers you can pride yourself on – influencers are the most skilled at this game. their motivation, unlike that of the majority of the population, is not the need for recognition, but the thirst for power. the school of fame aims precisely to meet this need. it does not teach academic knowledge, but trains an elite of influencers to increase their influence and power. for what purpose? being the next dean. the ultimate outcome of this race to power, the grail, is for each of the influencers admitted to the school of fame, to be the next dean. in order to achieve this, he must be the most machiavellian. the power of the dean is at the scale of the omnipresence of the web in all strata of the society   private, economic, politic  . the dean has access to personal data, confidential data of the major financial actors on the planet, of the major politicians, heads of states, activists, scientists, intellectuals, etc. nothing can escape her ability to harm. she is the quintessence of hackers, traders, communicators, influencers, and as such, she is the holder of a power that surpasses all others. eliot alistair (22), a young charismatic and handsome young man with a dandy look, is the most brilliant and ambitious student of the school. he is ruthless and ready to do everything it takes to become the next dean. the production team: writer and director   veig bassili veig bassili is a 22 year old french national who has been living in london for the past year. she is currently studying ma directing at the met film school, ealing studios london. before coming here she obtained her baccalaureate in “literature, option cinema” after which she graduated from the strasbourg university of arts with ba degree (honours) in cinema theory. producer   max jc lee the cast/characters: eliot alistair: eliot (22) is a handsome, charismatic young man of a sultry seduction of which he is perfectly aware. this gives him a machiavellian and disturbing charm. he is of unfailing self confidence and striking arrogance. his self confidence is reflected in his look of anachronistic sophistication. it is a dandy look. a fitted 3/4 jacket with a reverse collar, sometimes embroidered or decorated with trimmings and decorated with a baroque brooch. he wears shirts with lavaliere. his pants are adjusted and straight. the dark colors dominate but are always heckled by a luxury of ornamental details or colored shirts, with stripes or patterns ... his hair is of a studied neglect. he sometimes wears a hat, a boater or a panama in summer. he is always clean shaven. his hands are adorned with rings, even when he wears gloves. eliot is a brilliant young man of superior intelligence. he comes from a family of intellectuals. his mother is an elegant, cultivated woman of a rather contemplative nature. she spends her days painting. his father is a remarkable writer, essayist and philosopher, often taunted by social networks because of the lack of interest aroused by his work in the eyes of internet users   work that is anyway largely ignored  . eliot has often tried to make his father understand the imperative need to be seen and followed by as many trackers as possible to exist, but to no avail. the obstinacy of eliot's father to resist a system which no one can escape, had an economic and social impact on eliot's family. because of their lack of visibility on the web, eliot's parents have become pariahs, without any social life   because it is impossible to commit oneself with people who do not have a single tracker to legitimate their existence   and without income , for the same reasons. eliot's family lived in ease until the tyranny of the web sealed their loss. they now live on a capital that melts like snow in the sun. the son's grievances against his father have grown to such proportions that, at the moment when eliot enters the school of fame, the two men broke off all contact. eliot's mother is extremely affected by it. she remains the tenuous and torn bond between the two men. she is the one who will tell her son the indignant revolt of his father when he learns that eliot is about to enter the school of fame. as a consequence of which, the two men had met briefly, just after eliot had decided to enter the school of fame. his father begged him to renounce. eliot refused categorically and had irremediable words. father and son will never see each other again. eliot's greatest grief will be the brutal death of his father, and their reconciliation from that moment on, impossible. eliot deeply loves this father although he does not understand him. he admires his mind, the power of his thoughts, but feeds upon him an increasing bitterness and anger. he does not forgive him for having scuttled his family's financial base and social status out of pride and obstinacy. on the other hand, he feeds a deep resentment against his mother, almost contempt, because she has not been able or has not had the determination to bring her husband back to reason. and as such, she is in some way also responsible for their family being now on the road to ruin. eliot, taking the opposite of his father's stance, very early began to conquer the web. his intellectual qualities, the vivacity of his mind, his technical expertise and his natural inclination for transgression, quickly made him a legend of the web. he is a genius hacker, an outstanding trader, a dazzling communicator, a machiavellian manipulator. it is thus aloof with glory, that eliot makes his entry in the school of fame. the dean: the dean is an elegant woman in her mid forties. she is impassively chilling. her absolute addiction is power, nothing else counts. students are the guarantors of this power, nothing more, no human consideration ever interferes in her decision making. there is sadism and cruelty in this woman, a hardness of which no one knows the reasons. no private life, no social life, nothing but the exercise of power. for all those who crossed her path, she remains a mystery. the dean has a queenly bearing, a graceful silhouette, at the limit of thinness, a posture of extreme rigidity, a choreographed step made of great strides and time of stoppage marked by the brutal   almost military   sound shock of her heels   which are most of the time, extremely high  . aperfectly deliberate symbol of her dominant position. her hair of an immaculate white is lifted with care, each wick is adjusted to perfection. her face is pale, her gaze fixed and cruel seems to cross you without seeing you. only her blood red lips, drawn with the precision of a laser, disturbs the severity of her impassive face. she is impressive, thanks to her ruthlessness, hardness, haughty bearing, rigidity, but also by the way she is dressed, by the hyper sophistication of an extremely elegant, strangely offbeat appearance, enhanced by a luxurious stylistic detail. extravagant jewelry   rings and cascades of necklaces  , theatrical dresses that translate uncompromising color choices. art design ideas & inspirations: references for the main character of eliot: artistic and visual references: artistic and visual references: prop references/the dean's chair: production schedule: the production schedule for the school of fame is split into week by week segments to give us a schedule to stick to but also allow for flexibility when designating specific dates within each week for each part of the production process. the budget: we have been very lucky to be able to keep our overall budget as low as possible. reasons which made this possible include gaining access to a studio set for free, cast and crew agreeing to be involved on the film in return for only travel and food expenses covered as well as having access to film equipment for free. however we have set a goal of £2,750 in order to pay for three key areas of the production; location & travel, props & wardrobe and studio & set construction. location & travel: while we do not have to pay any of the cast or crew, we have agreed to pay for their daily travel and food expenses for the duration of principal photography. included in location & travel is £300 of transport costs for props, wardrobe and set materials to be delivered to set and returned to the rental house. this section is our biggest expense for the production. props & wardrobe: costs allocated for props and wardrobe include costumes for our two main characters as well as a throne for the dean and ten tables and chairs for the students, including eliot. studio & set construction: we have designated just over a quarter of the budget to set construction and materials needed. the studio we have acquired needs to be transformed into a futuristic white walled space fit for a wealthy school and this part of the budget will make that happen. distribution: when the film has been officially completed we will be submitting it to festivals all over the world including cannes, london short film festival, baftas and the student academy awards. risks and challenges as filmmakers, we are acutely aware of the risks which film production and the creation of a film from idea to distribution can be. the production of short films on a low budget can present even more risks. but the team involved are dedicated and passionate about what they do and the project itself. it is this passion and dedication which is perhaps the biggest solution to risks involved in film production. risk come from the uncertainty of finances, and the crew have committed to not receiving any payment besides expenses for the project which reduces that financial risk significantly. other factors such as only filming in one location which we have secured a license for and calling in favours for the majority of the film equipment helps reduce that risk even further. risk can also come from the uncertainty and flexibility of the process itself, from pre production through production and post production, in terms of how a schedule can evolve on a daily basis. again, our team's dedication, their patience and understanding attitudes surrounding film production means that we can be highly mobile, adapting to new situations as they arise and quickly overcoming them through attitude and expertise. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 