iptionabout the creator zotality, inc. (usa) the creator of this project owns and operates highly predictive, karmic indian astrology based dating and matrimonial websites for users in india. the project you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 this project is to develop and launch a karmic indian astrology (known as "jyotish" in india) based mobile dating app "zomatch" for users worldwide. the zomatch dating app will be made available on the android and, as well as, apple ios platforms. this dating and matchmaking app will be the first such app which will not only facilitate compatible connections between users but also help them in managing their romantic relationships! compatibility matching pursuant to the precepts of the synastry of astrology, in predictive indian astrology (jyotish), is a prerequisite for the formalization of many million hindu marriages annually. this form of compatibility matching is also referred to as "guna milap" in india, and the zomatch dating / matchmaking app will use the same 1000 years old precepts of the synastry of predictive astrology for compatibility matching ("guna milap") between users to facilitate compatible romantic connections . moreover, the zomatch app will also help users in managing their relationships through astrological content and analysis driven by proprietary astro algorithms. your zoscore, based on the synastry of astrology, is your customized compatibility score with another person the zomatch mobile app and its features and services the zomatch app will offer (1) a free and, as well as, (2) paid membership plan: free memberships : free users of the zomatch dating app will be able to browse astro compatibility match (guna milap) score and other general details on the profile displayed and then either “skip” or “like” it. if a prospective match profile liked by the user also likes the user back then the two will be effectively matched and may be displayed in the “matched profiles” listings of each other. subscription to one of the paid premium plans is required to: communicate with matched profiles access certain highly exclusive and engaging astro services and predictions which are driven by proprietary algorithms we intend to restrict or in the very least severely limit the ability of a free user to communicate with matched members and access customized astro analysis. the free members of the zomatch app will have access to the following proprietary features and services at no cost: the facility to select from three different types of horoscopes (birth chart) formats – users will have the option to select from the western, north indian and south indian horoscopes (birth charts). the user will be able to select from the north indian, south indian and western horoscope (birth chart) formats browse astro compatibility matching (guna milap) score, and basic astrological and other general information on the profile displayed and then either “skip” or “like” the profile. free members, however, may not be able to communicate with their matches (“matched” members) go ahead and "like" lisa, and if she likes you back then you two will be “matched.” compatibility should not be an issue with a zoscore of 25 out of 36. view personal astrological details with birth chart / horoscope and more. view personal horoscope (birth chart) edit birth details, if required users will be able to correct place, time and date of birth details if required a free user will also be able to view customized personal gemstone analysis detailing whether a particular gemstone would be favorable or unfavorable to wear, the time period that it’d impact the user negatively or positively, possible benefits or harm of wearing that gemstone and even the prescribed weight of the gemstone to be worn. gemstones form an important and integral part of predictive indian astrology and an unfavorable gemstone if worn at a wrong time can wreak havoc in the individual’s life. customized astrological gemstones analysis. gemstones are an important part of predictive astrology pearl is one gemstone that this user should avoid wearing especially if he values his romantic or marital relationship, and professional growth it may do this user some good to wear a diamond paid membership : in addition to all of the features and services offered to the free members, paid subscribers will also be able to communicate with their matches ("matched" members) through messages, online chat, and other means available within the app. we intend to offer the following paid subscription plans in north america and europe: zomatch silver   1 month of paid subscription for $21.95/month, zomatch gold – 3 months of paid subscription for $19.95/month, zomatch diamond – 6 months of paid subscription for $17.95/month, zomatch platinum – 12 months of paid subscription for $13.95/ (note: these plans and prices are however subject to change from time to time without prior notification) in addition to the foregoing features and services, the paid subscribers will also receive the following, at no additional cost, upon release of the dating app: paid subscribers of the zomatch app will be able to view details of their compatibility matching scores with not only the "matched" members but also unmatched profiles. the details of the compatibility matching score with a given individual will provide a valuable insight into what aspect of the relationship may require more effort. details of the astro compatibility score will help both individuals understand exactly where their relationship and interaction may require more effort view personal astrological details and analysis such as the ascendant analysis, and more. these astro details and analysis will help you understand yourself better. to understand yourself is the first step you must take towards a better relationship with others. your ascendant will reveal much about yourself view astrological details and general information of matches (“matched” members), and unmatched profiles to help you get to know them better. a better understanding of them will go a long way in establishing a better relationship. astro details of your match will help you understand the match better general details of matched members will be displayed in an easy to view format a paid subscriber of the zomatch dating app will also be able to view customized gemstone analysis of matched members, detailing whether a particular gemstone would be favorable or unfavorable to wear, the time period that it’d impact the person negatively or positively, possible benefits or harm of wearing that gemstone and even the prescribed weight of that gemstone to be worn by the match. gemstones form an important and integral part of karmic indian astrology and an unfavorable gemstone if worn at a wrong time can wreak havoc in the individual’s life. lisa would be elated to get that ruby from mickey. it's her lucky stone. access to the favorable meeting time calculator – another complex proprietary astro algorithm based service which details if the time selected for a romantic date, lunch, etc. is favorable or not. you can't leave home for an important date without consulting the "favorable romance time calculator" you can't leave home for an important date without consulting the "favorable romance time calculator" customized daily astro predictions – it will surely not hurt to check your daily prediction if you wish to plan better for the day. engaging and customized daily astro predictions will also be fun to read marriage prospects indicator – yet another highly customized and proprietary algorithm based tool which calculates user’s prospects of getting married within a given time frame. this algorithm takes into account the natal and as well as the transit chart along with incumbent planetary conditions and position of jupiter, venus, and the moon. you can double your efforts if the prospects of getting married in the near future seem better than average daily astro interaction analysis – a service driven by proprietary algorithms which take into account not only the birth horoscopes and the transit horoscopes of the users but also the relationship dynamics, such as "romantic" between them. further, the facility to comment and counter comment on such astro interaction analysis will act as an effective ice breaker to initiate communication between those who have been matched but not yet interacted. daily interaction prediction with matched members, with the facility to post comments, should make it easier to set up a date and even help prepare for it the sanskrit term "dasha" in hindu astrology is used to indicate planetary periods. the planetary periods indicate when the good or bad effects are produced according to their placement by zodiac sign, house (bhava), or aspects. the planetary periods (dasha) system is unique to karmic indian astrology; it is found nowhere else. the dashas provide a system to judge the effects of the planets throughout a person's life, by indicating how the planets distribute their effects. each planetary period (dasha) is controlled by one of the nine planets, and the quality and relative benevolence of each period are determined by the condition and position of that planet in the natal chart. there are nine planets which severally rule the nine dashas, they are, the seven classical planets, plus the north node or dragon's head, rahu, and south node or dragon's tail, ketu, of the moon. a study of the planetary periods (dashas) helps predictive indian astrologers provide more accurate predictions to their clients. detailed planetary periods (“dasha”) analysis of the user – an analysis of the ongoing primary, secondary, tertiary and lesser planetary periods to help the user understand the bigger picture and implications of what may be happening in the user’s life at a given point of time. planetary periods (dashas) play an important role in life and the zomatch app will provide an analysis of your ongoing planetary period why use karmic indian astrology for a dating app? simply because karmic indian astrology has been tried and tested for over a thousand years in ascertaining relationship compatibility between two individuals and for guidance on matters related to love, romance, dating, relationship, marriage, family and other important life issues. an individual’s horoscope (natal chart) is considered to be the map of that individual’s past accumulated karma in predictive indian astrology (known as “jyotish” in india) j p morgan believed to be the first american billionaire by many, once quipped that “ millionaires don’t believe in astrology, billionaires do .” in india however, astrology is woven into the daily fabric of an indian's life and used extensively by millions on a daily basis. it is used not only for compatibility matching prior to the formalization of a hindu marriage but also for guidance related to romance, relationships, marriage, family, naming of the newborn, health, finance, profession, career, partnership, litigation, education, moving into a house, signing important documents, opening ceremonies and other important life issues. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 karmic astrology is known as “jyotish” and recognized as science by the courts of law. various colleges and universities offer the equivalent of bachelor's and master's level courses and degrees in karmic astrology (known as "jyotish") in india. therefore karmic indian astrology is a tried and tested system for romantic and matrimonial compatibility matching and as well as for managing day to day issues related to romance, marriage, relationships, family, health, finance, career and much more. karmic indian astrology (jyotish) is very holistic in its approach and the birth chart / horoscope of a person is considered the map of that individual’s past accumulated karma. the ultimate aim of karmic indian astrology is to help you realize the light within you by helping you attain the following four important objectives of human life: dharma (righteous and spiritual path), artha (acquisition of wealth), kama (worldly pleasures), and moksha (self realization and liberation) concurrently, the ultimate aim of the zomatch mobile dating app will be to help its users find their karmic compatibles who will compliment them and together they'll be able to explore, experience and realize the peace of dharma (righteousness & spirituality), blessings and lure of artha (wealth), delights of kama (pleasures), and the bliss of moksha (self realization & liberation). how will the zomatch app help users find their karmic compatibles? the basic purpose of the zomatch app will be to help users find their karmic compatibles for a long term sustainable romance and relationship. the zomatch app will match users on the basis of the 36 points astro compatibility score based on the synastry of astrology (the "guna milap" score or "zoscore") no one plans to be in a relationship with a physically, emotionally, and spiritually incompatible person, and yet there are millions either struggling in their relationships or searching for the right one. even the recent floods of dating and matchmaking sites, with their modern proprietary matchmaking algorithm, have done little to reduce the divorce and separation rate in either north america or europe. as we all know and many of us have even experienced either first hand or through the experiences of our friends and family members that “ the first time can last a lifetime , ” therefore it is important that, whenever and wherever possible, we meet those whose karmic energies are in tune with ours. and, we believe that the zomatch dating and matchmaking app could make that happen for millions who are searching for romance, love, and relationships worldwide. a little about karmic indian astrology – the basic principles in karmic indian astrology (known as jyotish in india), the 360 degrees of the circular zodiac is divided into 27 constellations. each sign of the zodiac covers 2 ¼ constellations. each constellation is ruled by a particular planet. the transition of moon to a constellation, at the time of birth of a child, determines the birth constellation of that child; and the planet ruling the birth constellation becomes the planetary period’s (dasha’s) lord. planetary periods ("dashas") are what make predictive indian astrology highly predictive the planetary periods indicate when the good or bad effects are produced according to their placement by zodiac sign, house (bhava), or aspects. the planetary periods (dasha) system is unique to predictive indian astrology; it is found nowhere else. the dashas provide a system to judge the effects of the planets throughout a person's life, by indicating how the planets distribute their effects. each planetary period (dasha) is controlled by one of the nine planets, and the quality and relative benevolence of each period determined by the condition and position of that planet in the natal chart. there are nine planets which severally rule the nine dashas, they are, the seven classical planets, plus the north node or dragon's head, rahu, and south node dragon's tail, ketu, of the moon. the constellations possess their own distinct characteristics and help the astrologers in providing more accurate predictions. a summary of constellation features are set forth below: the constellation chart in addition to the birth chart driven compatibility matching based on the synastry of astrology (“guna milap”), evaluation of the 2nd house associated with the affairs of and happiness from family, 7th house related to spouse, and the 8th house related to longevity are also important factors to consider for marriage and relationship. a horoscope (birth chart) of a person can be divided into various sectors and sections referred to as houses (“bhavas" in indian astrology), and within these houses transit various planets and constellations which constitute the zodiac signs. a house may contain a single planet with a zodiac or a combination of planets with a zodiac, or it may be entirely vacant of a planet with just a zodiac. each house has its own effect and represents some unique trait which when combined with the characteristic of the planets and the zodiac placed in it, helps in giving related predictions. the basic characteristic and features of the various houses (bhavas) may be summarized as follows. first house (bhava) associated with: body, reasoning, character and mind ruled by: mars associated body part: head nomenclature: center second house (bhava) associated with: accumulation of wealth, family, and values ruled by: venus associated body part: face, eye, throat nomenclature: neutral third house (bhava) associated with: sibling, courage, early education ruled by: mercury associated body part: arms, ears, nose nomenclature: neutral fourth house (bhava) associated with: mother, house, land and property ruled by: moon associated body part: heart, chest nomenclature: center fifth house (bhava) associated with: education, intelligence, and children ruled by: sun associated body part: stomach nomenclature: trine sixth house (bhava) associated with: rivals, litigation, and disorders ruled by: mercury associated body part: intestine, hip area nomenclature: malefic seventh house (bhava) associated with: partner, spouse, opposite sex, work, and profession ruled by: venus associated body part: kidneys nomenclature: center eighth house (bhava) associated with: longevity, sudden wealth, and ancestral wealth ruled by: mars associated body part: genitals nomenclature: malefic ninth house (bhava) associated with: fate and religion ruled by: jupiter associated body part: thighs nomenclature: trine tenth house (bhava) associated with: father, stature, administration ruled by: saturn associated body part: knees nomenclature: center eleventh house (bhava) associated with: profit ruled by: saturn associated body part: ankle nomenclature: neutral twelfth house (bhava) associated with: expenditure and foreign contacts ruled by: jupiter associated body part: feet nomenclature: malefic what is birth chart compatibility matching pursuant to the synastry of karmic indian astrology? you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 in the traditional hindu marriages the importance of birth chart matching pursuant to synastry of indian astrology cannot be overlooked; and is done by referring to melapak chart, based on the constellations, given in the indian almanac (panchang). this chart is considered on the basis of eight categories known as “kutas”. the matching of these categories is known as compatibility matching of eight astrological categories, and these eight astro categories comprise of 36 astrological qualities. out of these 36 astrological qualities, a minimum of eighteen should match to ensure compatibility. it also referred to as "guna milap" in india. why waste a single minute dating someone physically, emotionally and spiritually incompatible with you? the astro compatibility score pursuant to the synastry of astrology ("guna milap") measures the effort that'll be required to make the prospective relationship mutually enjoyable. the higher the "guna milap" score the less will be the effort needed to enjoy the time spent together. it helps in understanding points of discords so that corrective actions might be taken to optimize the relationship or marital experience. it endeavors to help users find their perfect karmic match by evaluating the energy levels, attitudes and interactive skills that the two individuals may bring to the particular interaction or relationship being considered. therefore, the "guna milap" compatibility evaluation is as applicable for the first date as it is for a relationship or marriage. the eight astro categories considered in compatibility matching pursuant to the synastry of indian astrology are briefly outlined as follows: i. the caste (varna) compatibility category is representative and indicative of issues related to ego and pride between partners or prospective partners. caste category compatibility score ranges from zero to one astro quality or astro point. one astro point is indicative of an excellent interaction between the couple and respect and affection for each other, whereas a score of zero astro points would imply a lack of respect and affection for each other. ii. the control (vashya) compatibility category literally implies which partner or prospective partner is expected to have more control. control category compatibility score can range from zero to two astro qualities or astro points. a score of zero astro points indicates a strong possibility of conflicts due to lack of respect and attraction for each other's views and opinions, and a score of two, or closer to two indicates just the opposite. iii. star (tara) compatibility category represents receptivity of one partner, usually the woman, to accept what the other, generally the man, has to offer, and evaluates the general well being of the two individuals. star compatibility score can range from zero to three astro qualities or points. a score of, or closer to, zero astro qualities indicates high levels of concern due to the health of the spouse or prospective spouse; and a score of, or closer to, three astro points implies a lack of such concern and worry resulting from the robust health of partner or prospective partner. iv. source (yoni) compatibility category defines how the couple or prospective couple will react to each other during extreme stress or very intense situations including, but not limited to, during sex. source category compatibility scores range from zero to four astro points or astro qualities. a score of zero or closer to zero astro point indicates limited prospects of biological and physical compatibility and lack of overall satisfaction between the two individuals, and possibility of frequent quarrels especially during stressful and intense situations while a score of, or closer to, four astro qualities signify just the opposite. v. planetary affinity (graha maitri) compatibility category literally means “planetary friendship category” and it matches the two individuals’ outlooks, aims and objectives, levels of wisdom and intellect, and as well as the spiritual aspects of their personalities and natures. scores for this category can range from zero to five astro points. a score closer to zero indicates discontent and discord between the couple due to a certain disparity in their aims, outlook, spiritual levels and intellects whereas a score of five or closer to five astro points signifies just the opposite. vi. species (gana) compatibility category involves compatibility matching of the three astro species: divine (deva) astro species, human (manushya) astro species and demon (rakshasa) astro species. the species compatibility category, therefore, evaluates the level of general adaptability and natural rapport between the two individuals and indicates unpredictability, excitability, explosiveness and volatility of the relationship by matching temperamental characteristics between them. individuals from the same species will generally adapt to one another more readily than will those of different or opposing species. the scores for this category range from zero to six astro qualities. a score of or closer to six astro points signifies excellent compatibility and temperamental match between partners and prospective partners while a score of or closer to zero implies just the opposite. vii. the moon sign (bhakoot) compatibility category is an indicator of the relative positions of the birth moons of the two individuals, being matched, within the main zodiac. if the two moons of the individuals being matched are located in signs 2nd/12th, 5th/9th, and 6th/8th respectively from each other, the point allotted is zero otherwise it is seven. for example, to attain seven points of this category, if the woman’s moon is in pisces, the man’s moon should not be in leo or libra (6/8), aquarius or aries (2/12), and cancer or scorpio (5/9). a 6/8 relationship between the moons will cause discord, arguments, and abrupt changes. a 2/12 relationship between the moons will result in loss, shortcomings, and a feeling of lack or poverty in the couple. whereas a 5/9 relationship between the moons will lead to excessive competitiveness between the couple and the need to “get one up” on the other. the moon sign category compatibility score of seven represents excellent prospects for having children and extremely favorable conditions for the general well being of the family whereas a score of zero indicates the opposite. viii. the pulse (nadi) compatibility category represents and indicates physical health and general wellness of the couple by evaluating the nature of faults in the life forces or constitutions defined by the three imbalances (doshas); namely kapha, vata and pitta this particular compatibility category requires difference and diversity of imbalances for an agreement or compatibility. a score of eight or closer to eight, astro qualities or points signifies enjoyment of good health and physical well being by the couple whereas a score of zero or closer to zero signifies just the opposite. this form of compatibility matching has been in use in india for over a thousand years and is a prerequisite for an arranged hindu marriage even today. there are about a billion people who follow the hindu faith in india and about 90% marriages in india are arranged. therefore it would be safe to assume that between 7 million and 15 million marriages depend on this form of compatibility matching to formalize their wedding dates annually. further, the separation or divorce rate for such arranged marriages has been lower than 2% historically. in the event that we exceed the minimum required project funding of $25,000, we'll then deploy the additional funds towards improving the functionality and design of the dating app and as well as the implementation of other new proprietary astro algorithms based services and related content and predictions, and marketing of the app. certain general features such as the facility to skip ads, “unlike” previously “liked,” and “unskip” previously “skipped” profiles for paid members could also be added. note: karmic indian astrologers used by zotality, inc., for the creation of the proprietary astrological content and algorithms, have an equivalent of a master’s degree in karmic indian astrology (jyotish). risks and challenges most of the proprietary algorithms based astrological features and content have already been developed and are functional on indian dating and matrimonial websites owned and operated by zotality, inc., the creator of this project. however, our main challenge would be to create application program interfaces (apis) to effectively display the content, generated by various features and proprietary algorithms, on the zomatch mobile app. this would require qualified programmers with domain knowledge of predictive indian astrology. however, zotality, inc. has access to such programmers. these programmers were previously used for developing similar astrological features and proprietary algorithms in our indian matrimonial and dating websites. understanding the implication of the aforementioned challenge, we are giving ourselves until the end of october 2017, which we believe should suffice to complete, test and release the basic android and apple ios apps. the prior experience of having successfully launched websites with similar features, services and functionalities for the indian marketplace, coupled with access to content, content creators, and programmers with relevant karmic indian astrology background makes us well equipped to address the aforementioned challenges and deliver the zomatch android and apple ios dating apps prior to october 31, 2017. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 