c/descriptionthe big idea: provide an oasis of a space to build an inspirational community of human family, which welcomes global nomads, organic farmers, artists and spiritual seekers. plant it next to nature and practice permaculture, so the humans can retreat from the matrix, reconnect to each other and the earth, and gain inspiration from each other, and skill share and build. the space we're in now: on the ridge of a gentle hill we call "elvenridge", named because we are busy as elves here making a difference in the world. over the years our small community has self supported through sales of various items via a brand we call elf works lane. we're ready for the next evolutionary step in focusing primarily on teaching and experiential based learning. to do this we would like to turn our space over to a newly formed non profit organization. we won't form the non profit unless we know we can achieve our large goal. if we achieve our small goal, we will simply keep on doing what we do, until we are no longer able to. the big question: is it better for a space that's been described as "sacred", "an oasis", "inspirational", and "a circle of trees that hug you", to be entrusted to a non profit that can continue on as a guardian of the space, or is it better for it to change hands in the traditional system of ownership through banks, mortgages, oligarchs? help us rescue the space that we currently occupy from a mortgage and the banking system, so we can build the model for what's possible for sustainable human communities. our small goal of $10,000 will get us started and release needed funding. $250,000 and higher will release the space from the banking systems. anything over that will propel us into the future. how do you think about non profits and charity? what if everything you learned was dead wrong? watch this ted talk before you decide how much to give us. then also consider that many  Jimmy Fraud s could be using antiquated thinking processes. we're ready to change the game. ted talk about our perks: the perks are built in a way that they serve to not only benefit and fuel the center, but create a spiraling spin off effect by engaging young artists, creating mentor mentee relationships, and building cooperative pop up experiences in our pop up communities that we are constantly curating. we'll be sharing videos created by some of the artists that are coming together here in creation of the 'perk projects' as we move through the next 30 days. what do we mean by "sustainable pop up community"? each week, but especially on the weekends, when people are traveling, looking for respite or just a place to sleep for the night, a 'pop up community' builds in our space. we never quite know who will be here, what the mix of artists to farmers to business people will be or what origin story they have or what country they come from. it's like a mini impromptu tribe that gathers each week, and no matter the mix, it is always inspirational. we add 'sustainable' to the description, simply because with all that we've experienced here, it's just too magical to not keep the inspiration going on and on infinitely. hence, sustainable. we all need more light and inspiration, and we experience that here. about the process: we'll photo and video document information about the perks here. susan will also be blogging about the process on her medium page, under her series entitled, "our  Jimmy Fraud  adventure". ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ more details for those who really like to read details. susan's story: for the past decade, ever since corporate america decided that there was no more use for me, along with others, i've been building a center for people in our community to find work, under the brand "elf works lane". through the work of a small team i assembled, myself in the lead, i was able to provide decent paying jobs, always above minimum wage, to students, single parents, people aged out of their jobs, laid off folks, young people looking to gain experience, developmentally challenged people, and many more, all in a safe space that always built community, provided meals and camaraderie, and always stood up for integrity and human rights. during this journey, the brand's financial support mechanism has morphed many times, but recently, as we were introduced to airbnb and guests from across every continent on the planet, as well as wwoof visitors, we realized that, just as airbnb satisfied a need whose time had come, so too there appear to be other needs clamoring for attention. airbnb founder jeff gebbia speaks about what is possible when we connect in a business transaction with the additional promise of human connection. (for details and inspiration in this vein, if you are unfamiliar with transformational economy and actual and supposed progression of same, see these references: "how airbnb designs for trust"   see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16cm rfid9u , "sacred economy" by charles eisenstein, "ishmael" by daniel quinn, "sapiens" and "homo deus" by yuval noel harari as starting points). as i have witnessed more and more people pull away from the corporate and retail treadmills, it became apparent that the thirst for experience and knowledge in a way that connects people to each other, and back to nature and the planet, something that many of us "old hippies" were into decades ago, has grown into a much larger movement and one that we old timers envisioned but perhaps many gave up on. much of the youth of the world recognizes that they'd prefer their future focused on, as the dalai lama teaches, loving people and using things, rather than what seems to be currently happening in loving things and using people. homesteading schools exist, such as the well established one that's a century old, john c. campbell folk school in north carolina, and others. it seems though, that the need for practical knowledge that has for years been passed down through generations living on farms or in very rural areas, about living with nature, with the land, and how to perform basic expert survivor tasks using just what you have at hand could be useful. and as i explored these topics with guests from other parts of the globe, i quickly found that the sharing and lessons learned and shared with guests   about homesteading in deciduous and mixed forests of new england or farmlands of pennsylvania, where i was born   could find mutual benefit from these same stories shared from ugandan visitors with homesteads using bamboos and grasslands, or from those in australian outback living spaces or from those guests who had been born in brazil, russia, india, taiwan, syria, iran   all places where our guests have come from. sure, there's youtube, and you can find nearly every piece of information possible there. but watching a video never takes the place of a live and in person to person conversation, demo, and practical application. most people really benefit from hands on experience. when confronted with a choice of watching a youtube video on how to split wood using a maul, fold an origami crane, or bake an expert loaf of challah bread, versus getting one on one instruction from someone who's already done it. there are studies that show that students consistently prefer face to face instruction over online instruction. even when instruction is easy to access online, here in our center, we find young people still prefer personal connection over pointed instruction to "google it". arts centers are in abundance as well of course, but art that is formed with the purpose of transforming a living space into one of beauty and inspiration, community and sharing, is more about the creation, joint activity, and joy created through human connection and understanding, than art created for the purpose of displaying it in a museum or gallery and to monetize it. the idea of a homesteading and arts center seems to meet all these needs well and we have already found in practice that the zen peacefulness that comes with the creation of a piece of wall paper or a thank you card, beautifully constructed out of fine japanese origami paper, is a welcome evening activity following a vigorous day outdoors tending to the flowers, herbs and vegetables that will be served for dinner that day. as more and more people discover the sheer joy of living with nature and a sustainable eco friendly lifestyle, deciding to leave an urban existence behind, wondering if it's even possible to survive and thrive in a place other than a metropolis, or even choosing to do so because climate change increasingly floods high population urban centers near the oceans, we propose that a center that is accessible at the end of the commuter rail line from nyc, and easy to access from most of new england, could become a hub for global nomads, those seeking true communal experience while learning what's possible in making new life choices and changing direction. it does not escape our attention that at one time the mid hudson valley was considered as a possible location for the united nations (see https://www.poughkeepsiejournal.com/story/news/local/2016/09/13/dateline local history/90332870/ and http://capital of the world.com/full appendix/) and here in this present center we entertain travelers from every corner of the planet, a sort of mini un, thanks to the internet. we envision a collaborative community, a space where all people are welcome, who have a common interest in food and beauty and the gentle cooperation of humanity with the planet. we envision a center for music, performing arts and writing, videography and photography, basket weaving, ceramics, paper work and more   collaboratively developed artistic activities that everyone in the pop up community of the day can share together, along with the sharing of family and cultural recipes, breaking breads and sharing meal time traditions that connect us all in nourishment of the body and the soul. we envision a self sustaining homestead where folks can visit for a day, for a week, for a month, or longer, working on joint projects that inspire and educate, connecting humans for a life time as mentors and mentees, teachers and students, and friends for life, as we all journey each on our own paths, but intersect for a time to reconnect with nature and our most very basic human history in our common story of human survival and joie de vivre. those who know me, also know that i speak frequently of my belief   driven by the fact that i was richly blessed by having this in my life   that everyone should have access to a strong mentor, and that this is not just something that a corporation can or should put on a tick box on a report and call it complete. this is a relationship that connects spirit to spirit, has a serious and lasting interest in the cultivation of the inspiration, and has the motivation to hold the lasting personal connection. this is what we seek here, and what all humans seek even as they are searching for answers. (see https://medium.com/@ryanholiday/what nobody told you about finding mentors b9c1e8037868 ) risks and challenges we have already set in motion the formation of a non profit organization and secured the commitment of a founding board of directors who have the experience and perspective of youth as well as age, human diversity, industry and non profit, arts, homesteading and farming. we have also already engaged and solicited the feedback of a broad base of people who have spent time in our center and have been inspired by what is possible, and are committed to serve as personal, and or as professional, guides. i recognize that this is a large undertaking. but in all conversations i personally have, with the youth that visit here, i counsel that if you are going to set a goal, then best to set a large goal, set an impossible goal, set a goal that seems too ridiculous to achieve. because as sure as you set the goal, if you live in integrity and with unwavering principles that include human rights and the careful consideration of the impact of a decision for generations to come, you will achieve your goal. it would be hypocritical to counsel youth to do this type of goal setting, without also doing so in this project. i consider that this is a project that could and should become a lasting legacy, that serves humanity indefinitely, changing and growing just as the needs of the people who it serves change and grow. financially, sustainability needs to come through donations and any projects that result in a product of the center. there are many possibilities here, and the board will actively discuss them. they could include but are not limited to arts and crafts, jams/jellies, organic food products and farm to table products, public speaking engagements in schools including instructional and/or inspirational topics involving sustainable living, youtube channel subscriptions/educational videos, and tours/visits. initially we see donations playing a huge role to get us started, and believe that as the center so inspires future leaders and mentors, the fund raising efforts will be self sustaining. risks involve the real risks that come with organic farming/gardening, and initially we will engage the wwoofer community as much as possible to build upon what we have already started. as we look to acquire unused land parcels in our area through donation or grants or outright purchase, we will naturally be faced with the burdens of taxes and maintenance. these efforts will all need to be carefully, cautiously and methodically considered in regards to both timing and fiscally responsible management so as not to implode or undermine already successful work in progress. our belief that a center such as this that meaningfully engages three typically isolated groups and their projects   arts groups, farming groups, and community groups   will serve to inspire all three spheres in a way that develops new projects that each might not have dreamed of without the confluence and additional perspectives. we also believe that those that have already experienced this type of collaboration here, in an informal way, will be able to assist us with this group fundraising effort. in the event that our belief is ahead of its time, or is not, as we predict, something that could fill a need, and the project does not become funded, or just barely reaches the target, we may decide not to pursue. our hope is for an overwhelming outpouring of support with this idea, but if that does not happen, we'll shut down the idea and move along. the space we currently operate in is a little piece of paradise. encircled by a glorious stand of oak trees, with views of pastoral and undeveloped hills, fields and meadows, this space deserves a continued guardian, and begs to be shared with community. one hundred acres of farm land which is no longer farmed, is behind us, just begging to be explored and potentially accessed through negotiation. it's not crucial, however, that the center remain where we currently are, as there are many spaces that could easily be grown into in the hudson valley. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 