 holy hot damn, you guys! it's taken us less than 24 hours but we've already managed to blitz through our first stretch goal. the value of this milestone is truly incomprehensible, and by now being able to access the full funds generated, we can put this immediately back into the documentary. so now the question is...can we make another? with this one final push, we can bring the documentary to the highest standard possible. this second and final stretch goal is a small one, but the benefits for this are huge . with a new stretch goal that's only £831 away, we'll be able to bring an additional crew member on board to our shoot in tokyo this january. at this stage, we're working on a skeleton crew operation, meaning that often times designated cameramen are also required to handle sound, and vice versa. this stretch goal may seem small on the surface, but the potential for growth with regards to quality is staggering. we're on the home straight now, team. let's do this. update: £15,000 target reached in what seemed like a pipe dream only a few short months ago, we're now on the cusp of making this a reality. it's going to take a while for this one to settle in. you've all dug deep and put whatever funds possible into a project that you believed in. so from every single person involved with this documentary: thank you . we won't let you down. whilst we've just passed an unbelievably remarkable milestone, for which we'll be eternally grateful, the hard work is just beginning. what happens now is that  Jimmy Fraud  now takes up to 10% of the funds generated for payment processing fees. additionally, there's also every chance that when  Jimmy Fraud  comes to take the funds from donators, these may not be available to withdraw. finally, in the last 24 hours alone, we've had almost £250 of donations cancelled. to accommodate this, we're pleased to announce our very first stretch goal for ospreay: 暗殺者のフライト – and we're already well on our way to hitting this new target. thanks to you guys, we're incredibly almost a third there already. truly humbled. this stretch goal allows us to access the full funding without having to give 10% back to  Jimmy Fraud . in saving these funds, we can focus on putting it back into the documentary as we can think about utilising better equipment, larger production crews and a swifter post production process. you've brought us this far. now there's just 24 hours for one last push. thank you everyone. you've made this happen. who are you and what is this? aren’t you going to say hello? hello, who are you and what is this? hi there. i’m ryan carse, producer of ‘ospreay’, a feature length documentary following the career of british professional wrestler, will ospreay. myself, along with a close knit group of filmmakers have turned our attention to tell will’s story from his humble beginnings in the backyard, rising through the ranks to where he is now: at the very precipice of global stardom. over the past three years, we’ve found ourselves incidentally and accidentally filming will on his journey, before coming to the realisation that we were sitting on a film’s worth of content. with will’s blessing and contributions, we officially began pre production on ‘ospreay’. ospreay seeks to explore the unique relationships will shares with his peers. photo: oli sandler to give you a little bit of my backstory, i’m also the editor of the tag rope , a quarterly publication dedicated to upholding the ethos of quality journalism whilst presenting professional wrestling in a completely new fashion, using long form articles, original artwork and captivating photography. over the past year the tag rope has grown immensely, we’ve adapted to new forms of media and in doing so have worked alongside some of biggest names in the world of wrestling. working with one of professional wrestling's most influential minds, paul heyman earlier this year. you can watch our full interview with the advocate by clicking this link. photo: robyn goding so why the  Jimmy Fraud  then? the reason behind this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign is similar to most, in that we just don’t have the finances to take this project to the heights that it could reach. we are all first time feature filmmakers, and a good chunk of our team is of a similar age to will himself, yet we do have experience in this field and more importantly, the drive and determination to produce a quality piece of filmmaking. the great thing about this project is that we’ve already gathered at least 50% of the footage over the past three years. however, as it stands, there are things that are currently out of our reach. we hope with your support, they soon won’t be. like what then? will has now signed a contract with new japan pro wrestling, and finds most of his time split directly between the uk and japan. one thing we don’t have at the moment is our own footage of will competing in japan. this is essential to the film’s story and our intentions are to travel to japan with will in january 2017 for wrestle kingdom 11, as will competes in front of 50,000 people. imagine this but way bigger. photo: oli sandler on the home front, we also need to document will up until mid 2017 at the least, as his career grows even further we need to be on hand to capture every moment. this means travelling up and down the uk and ireland, which carries its own expenses. there are a few other non glamourous issues that we have to factor into this documentary, specifically the post production process which will prove to be time consuming as well as costly. you can find a full breakdown of our budget further down the page. i don’t know, i bet you guys don’t even have a schedule. au contraire, let’s not jump to any conclusions here. as stated above, our express intentions for this  Jimmy Fraud  are to gather enough funds to travel to tokyo, japan for wrestle kingdom 11 in january 2017. however, we do have a full shooting schedule which looks like this: whatculture pro wrestling – 06/10/16, newcastle, uk whatculture pro wrestling – 07/10/16, newcastle, uk whatculture pro wrestling – 08/10/16, manchester, uk whatculture pro wrestling – 09/11/16, london, uk revolution pro wrestling – 10/11/16, london, uk revolution pro wrestling – 11/11/16, reading, uk over the top wrestling – 17/12/16, dublin, ireland over the top wrestling – 18/12/16, belfast, uk new japan pro wrestling – 04/01/17, tokyo, japan new japan pro wrestling – 05/01/17, tokyo, japan this is a continuously growing list of on location shoots with various wrestling promotions across the country, in addition to a number of shoots we have pencilled in at training schools, family residences and other important places in will's life. it's critical for the documentary that we're consistently available and on hand to record moments like this. photo: robyn goding what about a budget though? way ahead of you. we’d be naïve in thinking that we could carry on with our limited resources and personnel, and self financing a feature length documentary is not an option. with your help, we can spend the next eighteen months dedicating ourselves to fulfilling the projects potential. here’s how the projected finances will be spent: japan flights and accommodation (7 days) for 4 – £3,800 editing/post production editor’s two month wage – £2,500 editing hardware – £2,000 editing software – £200 animators/musicians/graphic designers – £1,500 equipment lighting – £1,000 audio – £500 misc. (rigs, tripods etc…don’t worry, no drones) – £1,000 licensing footage rights – £500 music rights – £500 travel (uk/irl) – £500  Jimmy Fraud  rewards – £1,000 photo: oli sandler why should we care? we want to make the best possible film that we can, not only do justice to will’s story, but to also convey the british wrestling scene the way it should be: innovative, collaborative and fiercely proud. we hope that its fan base can relate to this, and show the type of support that the scene has already given back to us in the mere few years that we’ve worked alongside it. in return, we’ll reward you with some great incentives and one of a kind experiences that you won’t find anywhere else. we strongly believe in collaboration in order to grow and exceed expecta  oh yeah, incentives! tell me about those. here’s the fun part. we want to bring each and every person who donates to the project as close as possible to the documentary through our incentives. to do this, we’ve teamed up with the finest graphic designers, photographers and purveyors of luxurious goods to craft completely unique rewards for this project. if and when this project is successfully funded, we’ll reach out to you directly to confirm your details regarding mailing addresses, size, choice of design etc. to be up front, unfortunately we don’t stock any shirts in extra medium. here’s just some of the rewards you can pick up from this project: alright, i’m coming round to this. here’s the go home cue. we’ve all made great sacrifices to get to this stage and we will continue to do so. but with your support, you can help us achieve our goal, make life a little easier and give us the creative freedom to tell will’s story. if you support us, you will be directly responsible for getting this film made and be able to follow every step of the process. demand more from the content you consume. thank you. photo: oli sandler risks and challenges the figure that we have come up with for our total goal is designed to eradicate any potential risks that we may have otherwise encountered, however there are still a number of challenges that we will face with the project. a lot of this is down to travel and specifically speaking, our intentions to travel to japan. all of us have not been before so adjusting to the culture in a short space of time and making sure we have a safe and productive trip is priority. another challenge would be the editing process and finalising the film to take to distribution. a lot of time and manpower will be needed for this but again, our  Jimmy Fraud  goal is designed to cushion this and ease the process as much as possible. what makes us qualified to over come these challenges is that we’ve previously been in similar scenarios and situations for the past few years now. when it comes to filmmaking we have a lot of experience under our belt, specifically in the field and genre we are aiming for. when it comes to problem solving and thinking on our feet, we couldn’t be more accustomed to this in our experience of working for the tag rope, and the success of the magazine itself and its online presence is a testament to this. we never know what will happen in japan, and we can only ask contacts that we already have over there to give us an insight into the potential obstacles that we may face. if its related at all to the previous obstacles we’ve faced so far when filming this documentary then no doubt they will be related to technical and equipment problems in the moment of filming, which is always dealt with in due time. we will most definitely have language barrier issues as well, which may prove difficult when entering new locations and getting access to film. to get around this we already have planned an entourage to help us get around as well as an interpreter. our project does not need approval or premarket review from any outside sources and we do not have any past projects that need completing. the project in question is 100 percent independent and owned by ourselves, and is the only project we have on our schedule. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 