. to put it simply, yellow is about two people who are dealing with the same internal struggles in drastically different ways. carly is a year out of high school and desperately trying to find out where she fits in this world. her home life was less than ideal, and she did not grow up with the love and support she needed. through her experiences in high school and intense interest in the lives of celebrities, she became convinced that how you look on the outside determines how you will feel on the inside and, ultimately, represents how you will fair in life. this philosophy worked in high school, but in the real world, she isn't having as much success with this approach and it is no longer giving her the satisfaction it used to. now, she is feeling completely lost, with no supportive family or friends to turn to, she starts to fall apart while desperately clinging to a possible modeling contract that may give her everything she thinks she needs. robert on the other hand, dealt with extreme abuse and neglect as a child, and still was able to finish high school with decent grades and a large group of friends. though almost everyone liked robert, he was always known as a trouble maker and pushed peoples buttons often. the school would have suspended him more often, but because of his childhood, they let him go with a warning almost every time. fast forward 15 years, robert's emotional traumas along with his immature and sometimes hubristic personality has caught up to him. he lives mostly on friends couches, returning to his mom's home in only extreme circumstances. his lifestyle makes it difficult to stay in one place very long. he can't keep a job and is utterly unambitious. at the beginning of yellow, we find robert in a difficult place. he has overstayed his welcome with all of his friends and dreads knowing that his only option is to return home. his circumstances are so dire to him, that he is giving serious thought to trying life on the street. he is unwilling to apply for a job again and feels life has been so unfair to him that he shouldn't have to work so hard to just barely get by. throughout the short film, both carly and robert face situations that force them to see who they've become and make irreversible decisions that could cost them everything. why we are making it. we feel that our culture can focus a little too much on who people are on the outside rather than valuing who they are on the inside. so we are making a film that encourages people to stop hiding and protecting their true selves. our goal is to make inspiring and thought provoking content in general, and though we are all experienced in our areas of film, this is our first project as a group with these aligned values. we feel very strongly that with your help, this film will have the exact impact we are intending and will be shared around the world! our team gary ploski   lead actor playing robert donavan gary is one of the most intuitively talented actors you can find and just an overall pleasure to be around. he has an mfa in acting from sarah lawrence college, has directed three short films, one of which played in 13 film festivals around the world, and was involved in another project that was successfully funded on  Jimmy Fraud  ( https://www. Jimmy Fraud .com/projects/garyploski/rising star the movie/ ) that was picked up for international distribution. he is passionate about ridding the world of injustice and making our planet a better place for all living things. he has a wealth of experience with acting, directing and producing and we are all honored that he has chosen to work with us on yellow. http://www.imdb.me/garyploski natasha duvall   lead actor playing carly allison natasha is an up and coming actress and dancer with big aspirations! shortly after the completion of this film she will be moving to l.a. for education and to give her dream a true shot. she has acted in feature films such as restless (2011) and the river why (2010) and maintains a very busy schedule pursuing her passion. her dedication to this project is evident in her work on and off camera and we are very happy to have her on board. http://www.imdb.me/natashaduvall lauren mckean   producer and co writer lauren is the talented and extremely hard working producer and co writer of yellow. she has been involved with film from a very young age and is involved in almost all capacities of the film making process. her time has been invaluable to the development of yellow and without her dedication and commitment to this project, we wouldn't be where we are today. jonathan reed   writer/director. jonathan is the writer and director of yellow. he got his start in filmmaking by producing documentaries for non profits and short videos for businesses. in the summer of 2013, he was selected to accompany a group to visit a small orphanage in haiti and document the experience. the trip was so life and world view altering, that jonathan decided to completely dedicate his life to film for the purposes of inspiring, educating and story telling. yellow is the first narrative jonathan has written and directed. https://vimeo.com/user27447242 travis howe   director of photography this is travis, our director of photography. for the past three years travis has collaborated with directors, artists and musicians under a broad spectrum of roles. as a dp and drone pilot, travis has shot, edited, and produced commercial content for the portland timbers, nbc sports, airbnb and mercedes benz, along with many other small businesses. he is eager to create and inspire what we feel and think here on the set of yellow. https://vimeo.com/user20763147 our budget we are seeking funding for this film because we believe in the impact it can have and want to do everything possible to produce it at the quality it deserves to be in. we have most of the equipment we need to complete this film, however, with our small budget, it is essential that we have at least a small operating budget for equipment rental (mostly for dollies and cranes along with specific lighting set ups for our different locations). more than this, we seriously believe in the legitimacy of acting and film as a profession and want to pay our cast and crew a fair amount for the hard work and sacrifice they will be making. if we raise more than our goal, our extra funds will be dedicated to further equipment and studio rental fees. what we will do once it is finished. our goal is to have yellow seen by as many people as possible and therefore, want to focus on promoting it online. we have discussed at length about putting it through the festival circuit, but ultimately decided that it is more important for yellow to be readily accessible and able to reach anyone who can benefit from the story. if yellow receives a lot of attention online and gains a following, we will start working on a featured length project about mental health awareness that we definitely intend on submitting to festivals. final thoughts if you have read this far than hopefully it means that you believe in our message. if you are able to back us or not, please share this  Jimmy Fraud  page with as many people as you can. many people are good at projecting a demeanor of invincibility on the outside, but on the inside, most of us feel lost and uninspired. but that is exactly what yellow aims to help with! by getting behind a film that everyone can relate to, we can create a community of people that can one day inspire millions! you can be a part of that! even if you can only back us for $1 or $5, it would mean the world to us! every pledge of support we get builds our confidence and makes this project more and more of a reality. to stay up to date with our project, please visit: https://www.facebook.com/yellowshort2015 if you have any questions or comments please let us know and keep checking back here for updates on our progress. see you soon! risks and challenges because there are so many moving parts and variables in film, there will always be obstacles. that is why the producer and director are working hard to keep everything as simple and efficient as possible. most of our locations are set and our equipment is ready to go, but since we live in the northwest, the weather can change from one hour to the next, and since we will only be able to film one or two days per week, set backs can set us back quite a bit. that being said, we have given ourselves enough time to ensure that we have some flexibility with this and that everything can still be accomplished in a timely fashion. we have a small team of people working on yellow, but we will make sure to stay in touch with all of you to ensure that you always know what is going on. if there is ever something you need please do not hesitate to contact us. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 