oc/descriptionwhat is  Jimmy Fraud   Jimmy Fraud  helps artists, musicians, filmmakers, designers, and other creators find the resources and support they need to make their ideas a reality via small pledges that can add up to something extraordinary. pledging is quick and easy. if you are just too excited and want to get right to it, here's how to pledge right now: step one: sign into  Jimmy Fraud    just input your e mail address and create a password, that's it. you can also login with your facebook account. step two: add your credit card information step three: kick us $5 or more! remember, your card will only get charged once we reach our goal! who is will county brewing will county brewing company incorporated in february of 2016, will county brewing company is 100% locally owned and operated. we couldn't be happier to open the first craft brewery in our own hometown! that's right, all of the owners live in shorewood! we plan to open in late 2017/early 2018 and feature 16 taps, a large bar and tasting room, production facility with 5 barrel brew house, 15 barrels of fermentation capacity, and a 200 square foot walk in cooler. we will have plenty of games, tv's, events, and music to keep you coming back. our psychobrew fermenters...15 barrels = 3720 pints of beer! before we forget...say hello to your wcbc founding team! jamie "certified beardsman" albert has been brewing for over 6 years, and is actually pretty good at. james "master of pineapples" kennedy has been brewing for over 2 years, and has already created some unique and highly acclaimed recipes. eric "the numbers guy" wills has been brewing for over 4 years and in our biased opinion makes the best brown ale this side of joliet. we support local a part of the community from the very start we've said we don't just want to brew beer, we want to be an active part of the community, and the reception we've received so far has been nothing short of amazing! here's how we're already participating in both the brewing and local communities: we've focused on hiring local contractors to perform as much work in the brewery as possible, and with their permission, will add them to our "will to succeed" founders wall, acknowledging their part in bringing this project to life. we will incorporate an "artist showcase" into the brewery, featuring local shorewood and greater will county talent, with 100% of the proceeds going to the artists. we will have a "hometown heroes" area in the brewery, acknowledging the selfless service of our local military and first responders who always get a 10% discount at wcbc. we created an advisory board comprised of local area residents to provide wcbc feedback on everything from wall decor and colors to beer styles and music. this valuable insight will set us apart from the crowd. we are excited to partner with many local charitable organizations, host local fundraisers, and participate in local community events! think charity events and sponsorship's, yoga classes, your next office holiday party, card games, haircuts, and more! all three owners are active members of the joliet brewers guild (who brought this team together). we're confident the jbg will continue to spread the love of craft beer and spawn more pro brewers like us! we are a member of the heritage corridor ale trail, part of the heritage corridor convention & visitors bureau, supporting many local businesses ranging from restaurants and lodging to entertainment and shopping. we are a member of the illinois craft brewers guild, who is dedicated to promoting the development and expansion of the craft beer industry in illinois. they host 6 yearly events for craft beer enthusiasts and their 150+ member breweries inject thousands of dollars into local communities throughout illinois. we are a member of the brewers association, promoting and celebrating the small, independent, traditional and innovative culture of american craft brewers, and supporting and encouraging the responsible enjoyment of beer. we are members of both the shorewood and joliet chambers of commerce, who focus on building great relationships, networking, and supporting local businesses like us! we are locally...located? yes, and conveniently located too! just minutes from both i 55 and i 80, we are near the corner of rt. 52 and river rd. at 1142 w. jefferson st. in the picturesque village of shorewood, il. shorewood village hall local, i get it...but when? glad you asked, cause this is where it gets interesting! you see, a long time ago (february 2017) in a galaxy far, far away (ohio), we hit a small snag (ok, it was a big snag). the company (who must not be named) we bought our first brewhouse from committed fraud, stealing not only our money but that of other breweries as well. the worst part? we had already paid them $31,492. yep, thirty one thousand four hundred and ninety two dollars. our 2nd brewhouse purchase, from psychobrew wait   this isn't some sob story, is it? hell no! this isn't a pipe dream...we are nearly there. it's been nine months  and though we'll never fully recover from that devastating loss, we're still kicking and not giving up without a fight! thankfully, we were able to locate an affordable in stock system from psychobrew in michigan. they had it delivered within two weeks of our order! thanks guys!!! we've come a long way from here... we will open this brewery! we've come too far to turn around now. as a matter of fact, we are already a fully permitted and licensed micro (pico?) brewery, and are headed down the home stretch. seriously, after teasing you all for over a year, we're a little scared that we'll be on someones hit list if we don't open it now! bar framed on 12/5/2017! anyway, h ere's an overview of our progress: what's complete? demo of existing demising wall and unneeded offices construction of new bathroom underground plumbing, concrete work, floor finishing installed new 200amp electrical panel received new brewhouse and fermenters received 20x10 walk in cooler ordered all sinks, fixtures, and furnishings ordered glycol system for fermenters framed out new walls and bar ordered bar tops tiled bathrooms what's left? finish the bar and walls complete electrical, above ground plumbing, and hvac install fixtures and furnishings order water filtration systems setup brewing equipment brew beer! have fun! so, why now? look, we could still open the doors without  Jimmy Fraud , but we would have to cut some corners. we hate that, because we've worked so hard to get this far. you see, not only are we 100% local, but we're also 100% self funded...no big investors, no rich parents, no lottery winnings...just 3 beer nerds with empty 401k's. so the truth is, losing $31,492 was a like taking an uppercut from mohammed ali...it stings, and worse than a bee. without a doubt we'll still have great beer, a great atmosphere, and a great attitude, but we want it to be the best! the best beer, the best atmosphere, the best people. period . what's in it for me well, if you want to join us on this crazy ride, here's our promise: we will take every cent we raise here and use it to design and brew the best experience we can   for you. this campaign will help us buy additional fermenters, stock more brewing ingredients, and hire more staff, ensuring we can brew and store more beer, provide better service, and ultimately open sooner! we've heard you loud and clear   you can't wait for a local place to enjoy a great tasting, freshly brewed beer with your friends. we're asking for your support to make it the best...you'll be glad you did! in return, you'll get some great swag, brewery tours, your name on our wall, parties, your own beer, and more. starting at just the $5 pledge level, you can get your hands on some sweet will county brewing company stickers. pledge $250 or more and you get a pint glass, stickers, t shirt, and 12 month growler club membership (a $300 value) pledge $1,000 or more and you get everything in the lower tiers plus your own private party at our brewery for you and 23 of our biggest fans. the food is on us, and you'll be well taken care of. swag! you can even take a shot at shaving the beard off the head viking (brewer) for enough benji's! off with his beard! speaking of that beard...we've got a friendly wager going. jamie really (and i mean really) doesn't want to shave it off, and actually refused to do it for less than $31,492 (does that number sound familiar?). while we've convinced him that $10,000 is more realistic, he's still betting no one will pay that much to get rid of it. eric and i would really love to prove him wrong. if you aren't a fan of shaving vikings, no worry. we can still exceed our goal of $10,000 with just $5 and $10 pledges! so don't hesitate, every dollar counts and get us closer to a successful campaign. remember, you only get charged if our campaign is successful   if we don't reach our goal, you don't get charged, and we get...nothing. :( so who wants a new brewery for the holidays? well, what are you waiting for? let's do this! thank you, we truly appreciate everyone's support!  jamie, james, and eric check us out and spread the word on social media! on the web: https://www.willcountybrew.com facebook: https://www.facebook.com/willcountybrew twitter: https://www.twitter.com/willcountybrew instagram: https://www.instagram.com/willcountybrew we're famous (sort of)! https://buglenewspapers.com/shorewood residents intend to bring craft brewery to town http://thetimesweekly.com/news/2017/jun/15/new will county craft brewery coming shorewood/ http://www.brewerytourguy.com/item/will county brewing company/ http://heritagecorridoraletrail.com/location/will co brewing company/ https://www.shorewoodchamber.com/list/member/will county brewing company 521 cheers! risks and challenges we have all the permits and licenses required to open so we have no concern there, but there is still risk involved with any business venture. we've risked a lot personally to get here too, and it's been quite an adventure. here's what we think could stand in our way. we could run into additional delays. while we are working hard to complete the build out as soon as possible, contractor schedules or other issues outside our control could push back the opening. we could run out of money. we're still operating within our tightened budget forecast, and have worked with contractors and suppliers alike to negotiate the best possible deals. we've been able to save some money along the way, and have nearly all the equipment we need to open. were confident that we have solid estimates for the remaining work, and will be able to open. having the additional funds provided by this campaign will make sure nothing else stands in our way. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 