it's all about location, location, location," and this house is going to be the party location to attend on halloween weekend! the movie, scream, was filmed in santa rosa, california, and the last act of the movie was filmed in a single location... a large house in tomales, a little town adjacent to santa rosa. this house was known as "stu's house" in the script, and the screenplay referred to the lengthy showdown ending as scene 118. when the filmmakers finished filming it, they had t shirts made up that said, "i survived scene 118". our goal is to not only survive it, but to party there with scream fans from around the world, so our t shirts are going to say, "i partied at scene 118!" if you are a scream fan, you should be screaming your head off right about now. updated rewards section we are rolling out rewards over the course of the campaign, and we will be announcing them in this section. to skip to the details of the event, scroll down to the "how it began" section. **please note that all pledges include access to stu's house, with the exception of any pledges we may offer that are for merchandise only.** major announcement (added july 20th) in case you didn't hear, the scream comes home event is happening with or without  Jimmy Fraud , which means we will be selling tickets directly on the website after the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign ends however... we do want to reach our goal though by july 25th if possible, so today we are making the following announcement: friday night vip experience (added july 11th) if you weren’t able to grab a room when we first announced the event, you’re in luck because we are adding a new vip experience on friday night, october 26th! this offer is limited to only a small group of people and is a completely different experience than the one on october 27th. pledge at the "friday night vip experience level"... we have only 16 spots available! ultimate scream 4 props package (added july 10th) are you serious collector of scream props? if so, now is your chance to get your hands on two amazing scream 4 production items! "call me, ghost face!" pledge (added july 6th) have you ever wondered what it would be like if ghost face gave you a call? now you'll be able to find out because voiceover artist roger jackson   the voice of ghost face in all four scream films   has agreed to call fans and talk to them just like he does in the movies! talk about the ultimate scream souvenir! when you hear ghost face mention your name, you'll know first hand what sidney goes through when she answers the phone! to buy, pledge at the "call me, ghost face!" level. purple scream pledge (added july 5th) we are offering two new rooms for overnight stays at the main party house (stu's house)! these rooms were originally not available but due to some crafty convincing, they are now. they are premium private bedrooms on the same level as stu's parents' bedroom that was used in the movie. to secure a room, pledge at the "purple scream" level. stadium scream pledge (added july 4th) if you can't attend the event, you can still celebrate scream comes home with a set of 4 stadium style cups! use these large plastic cups with your friends during your next scream series marathon and watch the movies in style. to buy, pledge at the "stadium scream" level. ice nine kills silver scream ink experience (added june 30th) if you are a fan of the metalcore band, ice nine kills, you have all the more reason to attend scream homes come because lead singer spencer charnas will be performing an acoustic version of "youth of america" in the garage! the band is currently touring on the summer long warped tour, but they found time to film a promo from their tour bus. check out the details in the below video, and pledge today! you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 how it began nate ragon is a movie memorabilia collector and a huge scream fan, and anthony masi is a horror movie producer and event planner. they met in 2011 when anthony was producing "still screaming," a feature length documentary about the making of the first three scream films. seven years later on one random night, nate texted anthony and asked, "do you think it's really possible to party at stu's house?" sharing a lifelong love for the horror genre, they joined forces to create a unique and unforgettable event for fellow fans of the scream series... a re enactment of the party from the last act of the movie... minus the killings, of course! in the movie, stu (played by matthew lillard) is hosting a giant party when the killer shows up, and causes things to get real bloody real fast. at our event, however, we'll just keep partying and hope ghost face doesn't make an appearance! we are experienced anthony created and successfully produced (with a team of people) the halloween 25th anniversary convention to celebrate the famed halloween "michael myers" movies, and knows all the ins/outs of planning a live event for hundreds of people. anthony is also a film producer and is used to handling budgets and schedules. nate is a life long scream fan and probably the most well known expert on the famous horror franchise in the world today. his contribution of footage from his extensive scream movie memorabilia collection was a huge asset to the still screaming documentary. anthony and nate also have a wonderful working relationship with r.j. torbert, who is literally the force behind ghost face because his company, fun world, is responsible for ghost face's creation and licensing. when we told him about our plans for a scream party, he thought the idea was inspired, and immediately gave us his blessing. we knew we were onto something great when r.j. hopped on board! if you've met r.j., you know how much he appreciates the fans of the scream series. he is one of us, a fan! so much so, that he wrote two novels inspired by the scream series (see pledge levels yellow, orange, silver, and black ). we know what works one of the highlights of the halloween 25th anniversary convention was the "haddonfield bus tour," where fans were able to explore the fictional town of haddonfield, illinois, as they toured the actual filming locations used in halloween, located in south pasadena, california. when we found out that eight other filming locations for scream existed in the area around stu's house, we knew we had to create the same bus tour experience for scream fans. and so, in addition to partying inside stu's house, you will be able to tour sidney prescott's hometown of woodsboro, california (which is really santa rosa)! after the bus tour idea came together, nate suggested that we screen scream as well. and then when he brought up potentially displaying his extensive movie memorabilia display, we found ourselves expanding our "overnight party" idea into a more immersive experience that we felt no scream fan would want to miss! how we put things in motion we arranged a trip up to santa rosa to talk about our idea with the owners of this huge and beautiful victorian house, and they provided an exclusive tour of the tomales property and allowed us to snap a ton of photos. to be "inside the movie" was an incredible and indescribable feeling to say the least, and our goal with scream comes home is to share that amazing feeling with as many scream fans as possible. have a look at a few of the pictures of what the house looks like today, compared to scenes in the movie... this is your only chance the house is normally rented for weddings, but if you think you can rent this place on your own in the future, we have bad news for you... we were told the house is being pulled from the market within the next year so that the owners can live in it permanently! therefore, and we cannot stress this enough... this is your only chance to visit the house, let alone party in it! when & where scream comes home will take place on the weekend before halloween, which is october 27th   28th, 2018 , with the main day of the event happening on saturday (the 27th). the house is located about 20 minutes outside santa rosa in a town called tomales. age limit the event is open to all ages. stu's house **please note that all pledges include access to stu's house, with the exception of any pledges we may offer that are for merchandise only.** schedule on october 27th, registration will open at 9am at the gate to the complex, and there you will receive a wrist band that corresponds to the color of the rewards level you purchased. the wrist band must be worn during the entire duration of the event so that staffers can clearly identify the band at all times. if you are driving, after you check in and receive your wrist band, you will be directed to the area where you can park your car. if you are not driving, you can either uber to the house, or take a shuttle from the hotel, which we will provide. details for the shuttles will be provided closer to the date. once inside the complex, you will then be welcome to stay the entire day to tour the grounds and take as many photos and videos as you want. take a thousands photos, we encourage you to do so! if you are going on the bus tour ( pledge levels of $350 or higher ) you will be assigned to one of the buses, and at some point in the day you will be experiencing woodsboro up close! the bus tour is currently being designed to take you efficiently around santa rosa to potentially see eight filming locations, including: sidney’s house casey becker's house woodsboro high school woodsboro town square woodsboro police station tatum's house video store grocery store nate ragon will also be displaying his extensive scream memorabilia collection in the small barn! see everything from screen used masks, clothing and knives, to on set items such as cast and crew chair backers, call sheets, and lots of other goodies. his collection is utterly amazing! everyone attending will be treated to a screening of the movie, scream, hosted by kenny capteron of on set cinema, which will be projected on a movie screen on the grounds next to the house. the movie has been officially licensed and approved for our event by the company that handles miramax's licensing requests. food and beverages (including alcohol) will be provided at an additional cost during the day on the patio next to the large barn. as you party at stu's house and make new friends, you'll be able to tell everyone from this point forward: "i partied at scene 118!" day's end if you are not staying overnight in one of the houses (meaning your rewards level is either 2, 3 or 4), your exit time will be 10:00pm, and this means that you will go back to your hotel. an announcement will be made at this time, and shuttles will be provided to get you back to your hotel (if you have rented a car, you will drive back). however, for those lucky enough to have rented rooms on the grounds, the night is just beginning! you'll be able to party in the main party house all night long! please be aware that there is a noise ordinance in the area that begins at 10:00pm, so although you will be partying at the house, please be considerate of the people living in the houses at the bottom of the hill and keep the noise level down. on the morning of sunday, october 28th, all overnight attendees from all the houses will be treated to a breakfast buffet at stu's house before you head for the airport. exit time from the grounds will be around 11:00am. the grounds there are 3 houses, 2 barns, and a patio on the grounds, and we are renting all of them for the event. house #1 (the small house) sleeps 6, and you can reserve a space in this house in the yellow scream pledge level. house #2 (the large house) sleeps 10, and you can reserve a space in this house in the orange scream pledge level. the main party house (stu's house!) sleeps 18, and you can reserve a space in this house in the silver scream and black scream pledge levels. the two barns will be used for other event activities, including the movie screening, the memorabilia display, and merchandise purchases. the patio will be used for all food and drink purchases, and we're not talking about cheap sandwiches here. the owner owns restaurants in the area, and has agreed to hook us up, alcohol and all! travel details airfare and hotel is not part of the  Jimmy Fraud  and is an extra expense. for all attendees, we suggest that you fly directly into santa rosa (charles m. schulz–sonoma county airport), arriving on friday, october 26th, and either rent a car or uber to one of the following hotels, where you must make a reservation directly with them as early as possible (check in time is 3pm for all hotels): graton hotel (288 golf course dr w, rohnert park, ca 94928) oxford suites (67 golf course drive west, rohnert park, ca 94928) good nite inn (5040 redwood dr, rohnert park, ca 94928) please note that food is within walking distance to all hotels (starbucks, amy's drive thru, chick fil a, and el pollo loco to name a few). also, there is an actual casino   the graton casino   right next to these hotels, so if you are in the mood to play cards and gamble, please take advantage if you're so inclined! if you are not staying overnight at the scream location, make your hotel reservation for two nights (checking in on friday, oct 26, checking out on sunday, oct 28). if you are staying in one of the houses on the scream grounds (small house, large house, or main party house... the yellow, orange, silver, and black pledge levels), you will still need to rent a hotel room the night before, and this is because your reservation on the scream grounds are only good for the evening of saturday, october 27th (therefore, you would check into your hotel on friday, oct 26, and check out on saturday morning, oct 27). if you are driving, you can drive up to the scream house, as the grounds can accommodate up to 200 cars. you can also uber to the house from your hotel. we will, however, be working with the hotels to provide shuttles to the grounds and will provide more info on this as the event nears. please visit the official website for more information, and to stay updated about the event: www.screamcomeshome.com risks and challenges the only risk that we have is not being able to reach our goal of $50,000.00. the house rental alone is $20,000.00, but we also have the following expenses which are bringing us to the $50,000.00 amount: organizing the bus tour, insurance, security guards, assistants, licensing fees, movie screen rental, merchandise, art design, food and beverage, printing costs, cleaning crews, and many other miscellaneous expenses. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 