rewing! you’re a new homebrewer, looking to make all sorts of new and interesting beers in the comfort of your own home, and you’ve just joined a local homebrew club. now it's time to have a friendly competition with your fellow homebrewers and see who can become the club's best brewer! homebrewers is a competitive game for two to five players designed by ben rosset ( brew crafters, brew crafters travel card game, between two cities ) & matthew o'malley ( diner, between two cities, the princess bride: a battle of wits ) and illustrated by adam rebottaro, artist of the award winning game sentinels of the multiverse , and sarae henderson. homebrewers comes with a "chalkboard" scoring board, custom screen printed action dice, "garage" player boards, flavor cards and more! check out the complete list of components below! homebrewers is an engine building and dice trading game where your dice represent the actions you can take: buying ingredients, participating in monthly events, adding flavors to your recipes, and of course, brewing beer! homebrewers is played over eight months (represented by the eight rounds of the game). each month you meet with your homebrewing club (trade phase) and then work on your brewing (action phase). you’ll be crafting your own unique beer recipes in four categories: ale, porter, stout, and ipa. each time you brew a particular recipe, your quality level for that recipe will increase. you’ll gain reputation in two main ways. first, by moving up the quality tracks for the four beer categories, in order to win medals at summerfest and octoberfest. and second, by crafting your recipes to meet the particular tastes of a panel of judges at octoberfest. at the end of eight months, if you’ve gained the most reputation as your club’s best brewer, you win! check out these  Jimmy Fraud  live stream play throughs! eager to get brewing? download the "print and play" files here ! homebrewers will feature seven colorful characters that players may add to any game. they provide players with unique abilities that will give them a leg up on the competition and influence strategy and gameplay. meet this year's homebrewing competitors, learn their stories, and marvel at their player abilities! tony hendricks everyone loves tony. he’s the kind of guy that can be identified in a crowd by his laugh alone. it’s the kind of laugh that starts as a quiet chuckle and erupts into an infectious roar that leaves the whole room laughing. when you share a beer with tony, you’re guaranteed to have a good time. and if you ever need a helping hand or just want someone to go out on a limb with you, tony’s the guy you call. so of course when his friend wanted to learn how to brew, he jumped in with both feet and it was one of the best decisions he ever made. though he may be humble, his hard work and delicious brews speak for themselves. as last year’s champ, tony’s back again to defend his title. defending champion: once during the action phase, you may pay $1 to raise the quality of your lowest beer by 1. katherine montgomery as the ceo of a successful business, work never stops for katherine. after learning about the homebrewing competition while visiting the local beer festival, she decided to enter to keep work from taking over her every waking moment. she runs her garage like she runs her business   with pride, passion, and serious organization! not a drop of beer is ever spilled and her equipment is as clean as the day it was bought. she’s been having so much fun that if she wins the championship, she just might retire and start up a microbrewery! cleanroom standards: once during the action phase , you may pay $1 to fully sanitize your track. andrew lucas for andrew, brewing beer is more than a pastime; it’s an opportunity to craft memories. as a stay at home dad, andrew relishes any opportunity to spend time with friends and family while brewing. you’ll never find an empty keg at these backyard bbqs! he’s even been close to winning the homebrewing competition a few times, but the chance to meet new people and learn new recipes is really what it’s all about for him. still, it would be nice if his family could see him holding that trophy high! fill the keg : once during the action phase when using a brew action, you may pay $1 to keep the ingredient token in that beer instead of moving it to the sanitation track. colt roberts  character art sketch colt roberts colt brings his experience as a life coach into each brew he makes. he sees brewing as a chance to bring happiness to others, one brew at a time. within just minutes of meeting you, colt can calculate and cultivate the perfect beer palette to match your personality. just like every personality has different traits, every beer he brews has traits that makes them individual and unique. to ensure that he captures every nuance, colt is very methodical with his brewing process. he hopes that this year he can gauge the plans of his competitors and the palette of each judge to craft the perfectly balanced blend of flavors to win him the gold. work the crowd: once during the action phase, you may pay $1 to take any 1 revealed top calendar action. gabriel ruiz gabe's been active and ambitious his entire life. he started working for his father's construction business right out of high school while also teaching wrestling for his younger brother's middle school and joining a business fraternity at the local college. last year, one of his fraternity's favorite alumni, tony hendricks, won the local homebrewing competition. when he heard about it, gabe knew had to give it a shot. with his indefatigable attitude, he's bound to give tony a run for his money. the contender: once during the action phase, you may pay $1 to brew your lowest quality beer at 1 quality, ignoring ingredients and sanitation. evie "o'brewin" o'brien  character art sketch evie “o’brewin” o'brien evie may be this year’s youngest competitor, but she’s full of fire, spunk, and creative concoctions. while some call her methods chaotic, she calls them exciting. you may not think those flavors belong together, but evie will certainly give it a go and when she’s done, you’ll be back for more. when she’s not brewing beers, evie can be found brewing coffee at her cat café, meow we’re brewing . with the help of her faithful feline companions, evie is poised to dazzle this year’s judges with some brew combinations they never thought possible. risk taker: once during the action phase, you may pay $1 to draw the top 2 cards of the flavor deck. keep 1 and discard the other. dr. ananya patel when ananya decided to follow in her father’s footsteps and become a doctor, her family tried to talk her out of it. she “didn’t have the grades”, they said. three years and a lot of studying later, she started med school with her head held high. when ananya decided that she wanted to save lives as an er doctor, her colleagues tried to talk her out of it. four years later, she finished her emergency medicine rotation with offers to join three hospitals and two clinics. when ananya asked about joining the homebrewing competition, other brewers made the mistake of telling her that she was too old to take the pressure. two months later, her garage was full of equipment and her first test beer ready. though her competition is usually with herself, this time she’s ready for some friendly competition with others. extra mile: once during the action phase , you may pay $1 to roll one extra die. this die cannot be sold or changed. homebrewers can be played with as few as two people. if playing this way, we've included a third, automated brewer for you to compete against, named charlie. charlies cards   not final art charlie is a "homebrewer" who only comes into play in a 2 person game. charlie receives 3 dice, 4 quality markers for each of the beers, and their deck of shuffled charlie cards. the first player will deal 5 charlie cards face down next to the game board, returning the remaining cards to the box. at the start of the trade phase the first player for the current round rolls charlie's 3 dice and sets them beside charlie's card. starting with the first player and taking turns, everyone may trade a single die with charlie or pass. once both players have consecutively passed they are free to trade with each other. next, first player will reveal the topmost card from charlie's deck and advance charlie's player token(s) on the recipe(s) shown equal to the number of quality levels shown. charlie cannot win the game, which is why they don't get a scoring token, but they do compete with you for medals and honorable mention so keep your eye on the prize, and the judges! now that we've mentioned the items in each pledge level, and we've explained the story and gampley of homebrewers , let's talk about the mini expansion! homebrewers: getting equipped is a mini expansion for homebrewers that pumps up the engine building aspect of the game and increases the game’s depth and replayability. homebrewers: getting equipped is a deck of 25 unique pieces of equipment, each one giving the brewer who installs it a special power. at the beginning of the game, players will draft the equipment cards, with each player selecting five that only they can chose from to install. each player can only install four out of their five equipment cards, though. during the game, you can pay the dollar cost shown on an equipment card to install that piece of equipment in your garage. installing the right mix of equipment and making good use of them can make all the difference in the battle for title of best homebrewer! each game that you play will see you drafting and installing different equipment. with over 53,000 different combinations of 5 equipment cards that you can draft, every game you play will provide a unique challenge and strategy. to read more about the mini expansion and the start cards, check out this update ! below, we have some images and details about the various add ons we are offering as part of this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign! however, if you are new to  Jimmy Fraud , it might not be clear what we mean by "add ons" or how they work, so here's a quick overview! basically, these are items that you can add to your basic pledge level. all that you have to do when you back this campaign is increase your pledge level by the appropriate amount for each add on that you would like. then, once the campaign ends, all of the money you pledged will be added as a credit to our pledge manager software. you'll be able to log in, look at how much you pledged during the campaign, and select the specific pledge level and all of the specific add ons that you would like to receive! for example, if you decide to back this campaign at the "ale" level, you'll pledge $35 and receive homebrewers as well as the homebrewers: getting equipped mini expansion. say that you also want a copy of the “marketing basics” promo pack for your copy of brew crafters that you picked up at your local gaming store last year, as well as a single pint glass. you would then add $5 to your pledge for marketing basics, and $30 for the pint glass, for a total pledge of $70. however, you would keep your reward selection at the $35 "ale" level, since that is the base level that you want to receive. microbrewers some of you might be wondering why this box looks a lot like brew crafters travel card game . you're not wrong! this is a new and improved version, now titled microbrewers . there are three main differences between the new microbrewers and the original brew crafters travel card game . first, we've added two new card types: the research lab and the tasting room . the research lab encourages you to brew specialty beers that use fruit and coffee and balances out the number of worker and equipment cards in the game. microbrewers: research lab the tasting room scores you end game points for having a variety of different ingredients showing on your brewery upgrades. adding these two new card types means you’ll see a greater variety of cards in your hand, making the decision about which card to play on each turn more interesting. microbrewers: tasting room second, instead of passing being the third option for the main action of your turn, you now have the option to draw 1 additional card, meaning you can add 3 cards to your hand on your turn instead of 2. this can be crucial late in the game, giving you the 1 additional card you need to make an epic brew or install a critical brewery upgrade on your last turn. third, the game lasts one additional round. now, when the game's end is triggered, players finish the final round and play one more full round. this provides a more satisfying feeling of completion. it allows you to better plan for the end of the game and avoids the game ending abruptly without giving you the chance to take a final turn. brew crafters brew crafters components brew crafters is the first in this line of brewing games designed by ben rosset. in brew crafters , you are the owner of a local craft brewery. each brewery has access to a variety of equipment upgrades, local farms, markets, and a plethora of specialty workers, ensuring a high level of replayability and numerous strategic avenues. work hard to manage resources, use your workers wisely, and develop your brewing line to create the finest beer recipes. it won't always be an easy task, but with some hops and hope you can craft the sweetest suds and build the best brewery in town. custom homebrewers pint glasses what better way to enjoy the creation of unique brews than in custom pint glasses? they are custom made in wisconsin and etched with the homebrewers logo. the render of the glass on the left is an example of what the final product will look like. the full pint glass to the right is a picture of our sample glasses. (please note the logo will be updated to reflect the final homebrewers logo on the box.) you may ask, what’s so cool about these pint glasses that you’d pay $25 $30 each for them? well, as pint glass connoisseurs, we’ve got a ton of opinions about custom glassware, and these are among the best we’ve ever seen. most small production runs of glassware are light weight, low quality glass and are printed instead of etched. those glasses break easily, feel unsatisfying in the hand, and the image washes off after a few trips through the dishwasher. these glasses, on the other hand, are sturdy with great weight, and the logo will be etched into the glass and non removable. several of us have glassware made by the same supplier, and it has held up and still looks great after several years and hundreds of trips through the dishwasher. we love them, and think you will too! marketing basics promo pack "marketing basics" brew crafters promo pack the “marketing basics” promo pack was offered on the original brew crafters  Jimmy Fraud  way back in 2013! we recently reorganized our warehouse and found a box of them, so we’re happy to offer them as a $5 add on to this  Jimmy Fraud  if anyone is interested! what does the “marketing basics” promo pack add? it introduces three alternate basic recipes that advanced players can use instead of the original recipes of everyday ale, simply stout and pleasantly porter. they're a bit harder to brew, which means players will have to pump up their brewing prowess! it also ads one new skilled worker, the marketing manager. just to be clear, this is a promo pack for the original brew crafters game, not for homebrewers. also, if you were a backer of the original brew crafters  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, you already have this and don’t need to add it on. brew crafters upgrade sticker brew crafters 1st ed. upgrade sticker the “brew crafters 1st edition upgrade sticker” lets you upgrade the "market action board" in your 1st edition of brew crafters to match the version in the 2nd edition (current printing). we have added it here by popular request to help some people who want it save on shipping! note that this is an upgrade for the first printing of brew crafters . if you are getting a copy of brew crafters through this campaign (or have bought it in the past year or so), this sticker is of no use to you at all! if we exceed our funding goals we will create these awesome custom components and art: $35,000   if unlocked, each copy of homebrewers will include 5 custom beer glass quality track markers (5 custom shapes, 4 markers per player)! $40,000   if unlocked, each copy of homebrewers will include a custom beer bottle first player token ! $45,000   if unlocked, each copy of homebrewers will include 16 custom molded dice ! $50,000   if unlocked, each copy of homebrewers will include unique art for each and every flavor card , from kimchi to gingerbread! "every action in homebrewers feels incredibly satisfying. you're always moving towards something, and the strategic element of moving up the tracks is very rewarding."   ryan schoon, man vs. meeple . "homebrewers feels big and dynamic, with interesting ways of making heavier concepts work with an approachable package. i really dig this game!"   jack eddy, the cardboard herald . meeplegamers homebrewers preview "i really liked what i saw from homebrewers...a very enjoyable engine builder with a unique theme and a quick play time."   kevin billman, meeplegamers . here are the shipping charges for this campaign! we've got a lot of details below if you want to know why your particular country has the shipping charges that it does. us: $0 canada: $5 australia: $35 europe (eu+norway+switzerland): $10 + vat other: $45 international shipping charges will be charged after the campaign ends via our pledge manager. this is to make sure that we have two separate transactions from everyone (one for the pledge, and another for the shipping), which makes it easier to do various accounting things and to submit vat paperwork. for us backers, we are offering free shipping. this is not because we have invented a teleporter, and shipping is suddenly free. we will still pay a substantial amount to ship each parcel to us backers, both in actual shipping charges, and in labor & materials. however, we know that everyone likes the idea of free shipping (including us!), and has come to expect it in  Jimmy Fraud  campaigns, so we are subsidizing shipping enough to make us shipping free. for canadians, we are offering $5 shipping. this also covers import taxes and customs duties, which we will pay at the point when the products enter canada. of course, $5 is not the actual cost of shipping and import duties to canada. it is not even the difference between the actual cost of canadian shipping and the actual cost of us shipping, which is more like $7 $8. this means that us backers are subsidizing canadian backers slightly, in the amount of $2 $3 per parcel. however, we really want to make our games as accessible as possible in canada, and $5 is a nice, low, round number. for australians, we are offering $35 shipping. this also covers import taxes and customs duties, which we will pay at the point when the products enter australia. even though it might seem high, $35 is not the actual cost of shipping to australia. it is not even the difference between the actual cost of australian shipping and the actual cost of us shipping, which is more like $40 $45. this means that us backers are subsidizing australian backer in the amount of $5 $10 per parcel. however, we really want to make our games as accessible as possible in australia because we know how hard it can be to get us products in aus. for europeans (including eu countries as well as norway and switzerland, but unfortunately not russia or other non eu countries), we are offering $10 shipping + vat. what does this mean? well, it turns out that the eu has been really tightening the rules on vat and import duties recently as a result of widespread vat fraud on the part of foreign companies. you can read some of the details here , but the summary is that, according to eu law, any items imported into the eu are subject to vat charges (generally 24% in the case of board games) based on the actual sale price plus the actual shipping cost. that means that, for a $35 game with $10 shipping, the 24% vat will be assessed against the total $45 price, and will come out to approximately $10.80. note that this law applies no matter how we fulfill the games. if we ship from the us, each parcel is subject to the vat charge once it enters the eu. on the other hand, if we ship a bunch of games to a fulfillment center in the eu, the whole shipment is subject to vat when it enters the eu, and, even though the games are arriving in bulk, the vat is based on the actual sales price to consumers (in this case, on  Jimmy Fraud ), not the lower wholesale or manufacturing cost, so this method doesn’t actually save any money on vat charges (though there can be other benefits). european shipping questions q: so, why are you charging vat separately from shipping charges for europeans? a: for two reasons. first, as we mentioned above, the vat charges are based on the sale price + shipping. if we include vat as part of the “shipping” charge, eu customs is likely to consider that whole charge to be “shipping” and charge vat based on the full amount, including what we already charged for vat! second, the exact vat rate is subject to a lot of fluctuation right now, both due to the ongoing eu crackdown on internet retailers, and due to the ongoing low level trade war between the us and the eu (which we think is incredibly dumb but can’t do anything about). fortunately, we should be able to ship the games to europe directly from china and avoid any us eu tariffs. q: ok, so, how much am i going to pay to get this game in europe? a: there is a fixed $10 fee for shipping, which you will pay when the  Jimmy Fraud  ends. then, before the campaign is fulfilled, we will calculate each european backer’s vat and charge you for vat before shipping out your parcel. q: will i have to pay any customs clearance fees or anything when i receive my shipment? a: no, you will not! we will have spiral galaxy games in the uk fulfill this  Jimmy Fraud  for european backers, which means that, after we charge you for vat through our pledge manager, we’ll pay all of the vat and import duties on the games. then, spiral galaxy will ship all of your parcels out from within the eu and avoid any weird delays or further charges. q: where are you getting all of this information? it seems dumb and wrong and i don’t like it. a: we talked to a lot of shipping companies, attorneys, and other professionals about the implications of eu law and how, exactly, vat works. for a decent summary, the government of finland has a pretty helpful website (and the information is, for the most part, broadly applicable across the eu). q: wait, but [insert other  Jimmy Fraud  here] shipped stuff to europe for way cheaper than this. why can’t you just do what they did? a: they either lost a ton of money on shipping, or they committed customs fraud, and we don’t want to do either of those things. q: you say above that you are subsidizing shipping to canadians and australians. why don’t you subsidize shipping to europeans? a: we do! the $10 we are charging for shipping is not the actual cost of shipping and import duties to europe. it is not even the difference between the actual cost of european shipping and the actual cost of us shipping, which is more like $12 $20 (there is a lot of variance, because it depends on the size of the shipment we are importing to europe, and to which country in europe the shipment is heading). this means that us backers are subsidizing canadian backers slightly, in the amount of $2 $10 per parcel. q: wait, why is the shipping price the same for every backer level? shouldn’t larger parcels cost more to ship? a: that is a very astute observation. yes, they do! however, to make things easier, we are charging a flat rate. we have based all of the examples in this section off of the smallest parcel on this  Jimmy Fraud . for any of the larger pledge levels, our shipping costs will be higher, but you will not pay any extra for shipping (vat will be higher based on the higher pledge). q: why do norway and switzerland have to follow these rules? they aren’t in the eu! a: that is true! however, the customs regimes in norway and switzerland are very similar to those of the eu, by design. q: what about brexit? a: brexit could complicate a lot of things, but what, exactly, it might complicate about this depends on the final form it takes. we’ll cross that bridge if/when we come to it, and let you know about anything we wind up doing to work through it. q: i hate vat; is there anything i can do about it? a: us, too! honestly, the only thing you can do is vote and call your local politicians. we’ll do the same over here to see if we can avoid a long, stupid trade war. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud  questions about this project? check out the faq risks and challenges as with any project that involves the production and manufacture of a good to be delivered, there is certainly a real chance for hiccups, delays, and more than one or two gremlins gumming up the works along the way. many boardgame projects on  Jimmy Fraud  have been seriously hampered by art production delays, problems with an overseas factory, missing units, and one shipping snafu after another. luckily, we have a few projects under our belt, and have dealt with many of those snags along the way. we try to plan for all contingencies, and we've been fairly successful with that in our past projects. we won't lie   stuff happens. delays can occur. sometimes you have to go back and forth on color samples six times just to get the color right, and even then the color isn't perfect. but what we do promise is that we will hold ourselves to the same high standards we expect from other board game publishers and our previous projects, and we will be completely honest and open with each of you every step of the way. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 