sk" a game like no other. it can be an individual or team sport. slydysk has plenty of moving targets and great for backyard tournament play. be the first to own! back it now and save! "entertainment for all ages" the game of slydysk was created to play the sport of icebocce which provides a new activity at local ice arenas. with this new activity, ice arenas have several new opportunities like youth, senior, corporate, and reunion events to league play. this helps fill empty ice slots and brings in much needed extra revenue, but mostly it was created for backyard entertainment for family, friends, and neighbors and can be played anywhere you can find an ice surface. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 icebocce, is a game that combines several games like bowling, curling, bocce, burling, ice stock sport known as bavarian curling (eissrockschiessen) and shuffle board. it is a game most similar to bocce but is played on ice with 8 three pound icebocce dysks (curl) and jack (puck). the official ice court size is 85’(4m) x 13’(25.9m) with side bumpers and end boards, but ideally the game can be played anywhere there’s an ice surface. this multi age game offers play year round at indoor ice arenas and redefines new outdoor opportunities at your local city ice sheets, backyard ice rinks, or enjoyment for ice fisherman on frozen ponds and lakes. "slydysk" creating outdoor entertainment for you and your friends. icebocce general play description this is a brief general description of how the game of icebocce is played. for specific rules of play see the standard rules on the world icebocce association website. equipment: a icebocce game set is composed of 8 large “icebocce dysks” also called curls (4 of one color and 4 of another color) and one smaller rubber dysk called the ”jack” also called a puck. full game set with tot bags teams: the game is played between two teams with from 1 to 4 players on each team. players on each team: 1 player   4 dysks each – walk end to end 2 players   4 dysks each with one player at each end or 2 dysks each & walk end to end 3 players   2 dysks each for 2 players at one end and 4 dysks for 1 player at other end 4 players   2 dysks each with 2 players at each end game description : the object of the game of icebocce is for a team to get as many of their dysks as close to the jack as possible. begin the match with the flip of a coin between teams. the winner of the coin flip has the first toss of the jack and chooses the color of the team's dysks. a team member throws the jack and slides the first dysk as close to the jack as possible. (the jack must end up across the centerline and at least 12 inches away from the sideboards or backboard without hitting the backboard. if a thrower fails to do this, the jack throw goes to other team. if the second throw fails to place the jack into play, the jack is placed approximately in the center of the striking foul line at the opposite end of the court. the original thrower of the jack always throws the first dysk.) next, a player of the opposing team slides a dysk and tries to get closer to the jack. a team must continue to slide their dysks until it gets closer to the jack than the closest dysk of their opponents. "perfect throw" players must deliver all dysks from behind the pointing foul line. dysks may be bounced or played against the sideboards. a dysk hitting the backboard without first touching the jack or another dysk is a dead dysk and is removed from play. while the object is to get close to the jack, it is permissible for a player to play the dysk in order to knock away an opponent’s dysk. a player "hitting" or “striking” the opponent’s dysk must release the dysk before crossing the striking foul line. likewise, a player may play a dysk so as to knock or move the jack toward another of their own team’s dysks. the jack is live anywhere on the court, except if it comes back behind the mid court line or is knocked out of the court, at which time the frame is dead and play begins again at the opposite end. when all dysks have been played, one team is awarded one point for each dysk closer to the jack than the closest dysk of the opposing team. thus, a team may score 1 4 points for each end of play. the other team scores no points. if the closest dysk of each team is equal in distance from the jack, no points are awarded for the frame. the team that scores in one frame starts the next frame by throwing out the jack and playing the first dysk. the game is won by the first team scoring 12 points. the game ends when the 12th point is scored and the other team has played all 4 dysks. if the teams end up with a tie score after 12 points are scored. the teams will continue play until one team out scores the other team to end play. if the teams play another game, the team members switch ends of the court and the winning team throws out the jack and delivers the first dysk. tes enterprises, llc. took years of research and development to prefect the slydysk icebocce dysk and handle. we looked at the structure of other games composites that their devices were made of and research new resins and polymers that were not around when these game were created. after many years of thought, tesent games was created in 2015 to finalizing the design, development, and testing of the slydysk icebocce dysks. we then made disks of all sizes and shapes using wood, rubber and all kinds of polymer resins. this testing and research was done to make sure the disks work with ease and with the proper amount of bumping. by working with multiple resin distributors and being able to use the new products that are available today, we were able to come up with the perfect product that could with stand extreme temperature changes while being thrown at high velocities against sold structures and not be damaged. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 after we came up with the perfect product, our next job was to get it made at the best cost possible. so for months i researching manufacturing and resin companies for multiple things like location, quality control, work force, distribution, assembly lines, and most of all the type of resins they had access to. at this point we have negotiated and have licensed with a manufacturer based here in the good old usa with another license being negotiated with the world's largest bowling ball manufacturer. handle: the handle was designed with a balance point that helps keep the dysk flat when thrown. finished product dysk: the dysk was designed to work with ease and the proper amount of bumping on all slick surfaces. finished product risks and challenges starting a new idea that has not been done before is always a challenge, because you’re the pioneer and you have to invent the wheel to make it happen. when it’s something new and different, most people can’t envision it. so the biggest challenges for me has always been, everyone telling me it can’t be done or it is too risky in today’s business world. but because i believe in this project and i think i have what it takes to make this a world class sport and just maybe possibly, an olympic event. i will succeed because i have: o incredible drive to succeed at what i’m creating or building. i understand how to be responsive and responsible. o ability to problem solve and continually evaluate the situation so i can plan and organize how to move forward step by step. i understand administration. o background in constructing from start to finish. built my own home to building bridges and roads in the highway and mining industries. i understand logistics and procurement. o worked with some of the world's largest resin manufacturers for the past five years selling geotextile and petroleum products in the heavy construction industry. i understand resins and manufacturing. o background in creating and developing multiple sport organizations and owned my own businesses in the travel and tourism industry for three decades. i understand entertainment. o chaired and was a part of several domestic and international marketing committees. i understand sales and marketing. i have the knowledge and understanding to implement this vision, because i understand how hard it is to make something happen, let alone try to create a new game or a whole new sport organization and then educate people about it. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 