ian forest, marti lives his life through routine. haunted by his past bad judgement, he has become distant and lifeless. kalev, an old local shopkeeper and a friend to marti, tries convincing marti to let go of the past and move on. due to an unexpected event and kalev`s persuasiveness marti finds himself on the verge of a new beginning. after his routine trip to the shop, marti finds a young woman irene at his doorstep. marti, although hesitant, invites her inside for a tea. it doesn’t take marti long to realize irene is not who she says she is. torn between the past and present, marti finds himself in a cul de sac. meanwhile, kalev is alarmed by two men parked outside his shop and is certain of their bad intentions. marti knowing of the sinister plot in motion, has to finally come to terms with himself or suffer the consequences. i have had the story in mind for some time, waiting for the right time to bring it into reality. now with new found confidence for the story i wrote it into a feature film script. the original idea occurred to me in a sauna, and therefor sauna itself has become an important character in the story, as a place of thought and decisions. metaphor for our inner selves. characters in the story are mostly based on archetypes of decisions, based on principle   you are what you do not what you say. also, what if causality has its own say in the matter. is it still as simple as defining ourselves purely on our actions. can we be judged by our actions or lack of them. do we have freedom of choice in this theatre of the absurd. i have come to like shooting films with longer takes as i find it visually more appealing and better for the actors to get involved in the character they are portraying . i do understand the difficulty of making long takes appealing is a challenge, but a rewarding one it is. story boarding and blocking are essential to engage public in seamless takes that last perhaps more than average viewer is accustomed to. experimenting with takes has taught me also never to drag the scene just purely for the sake of a long take, dragging a scene just for its beauty without content is a mistake. images in the film have to be well justified and never to forget that screen is our means of communication. with actors it important for me to make them understand who they are portraying, how selected character breaths, talks, thinks and most importantly to understand the reason behind his/hers words. no line is just an empty line, there is always a reason or need, without understanding that its not possible to portray a character truthfully. i see hölma all a film that keeps distance from its protagonist, his solitude is environment what surrounds him. characters that are vicious in nature we get more close to portray the lack of understanding of impact of their actions to their surroundings. lighting wise i like to keep my films as close to realism as possible, with some exceptions. if the set is properly thought through, practical lights can even out perform studio lights. as the fill light kills the natural depth of the image. when i was young i enjoyed david lynch movies, their obscurity and portrayal of emotion. it gave me great freedom to channel my own emotions through his movies notably lost highway. as i grew and became familiar with other directors around the world, like bunuel, fellini, truffaut, bresson, kurosawa. my taste in cinema changed, i became more interested in human factor, obscurity of human actions in realistic environments. through film i try to explain my own experiences and thoughts, to ask questions and perhaps even answer some of them. to find inspiration i don't have to look far, having neighbouring countries with directors like bergman, tarkovsky, kaurismäki and zwyagintsev. i do not wish not to copy them but just to learn from them and present my own vision. we have managed to put together an awesome team from all over the world. without these guys the project would simply not be possible. the agreement we have with our team is we house them, feed them and get them to estonia and in return they help us bring hölma all to life. this drops our budget a hell of a lot and gives us that extra boost in believing this film is possible on such a small budget. siim tamm   writer and director siim tamm is a young film maker from north east europe, estonia. studied film in denmark at odder hojskole and recently graduated prague film school in czech republic. over the past year he has been focusing on writing, working with other young directors as a director of photography. and directing his own shorts. the years in between schools have been spent travelling and working odd jobs in different countries, looking for inspiration for characters and stories. coming from a country that lies between sweden and russia its only suiting that he is heavily influenced by aesthetics of masters like tarkovsky and bergmann. siim is interested seeing people shine through their artistry there for auteur film making is the direction he has taken. rasmus frostell   director of photography rasmus frostell is a stockholm based director of photography and gaffer. mainly focusing on commercial work for television, web and social medias. since he is new in the industry he mainly shoots smaller commercials. but is well experienced with bigger shoots as a first or second ac. most recently working as camera operator on 'finding alice' a feature directed by pablo fernandez and team members from the elite cinematographers society in sweden fsf. also home to linus sandgren (la la land). with a personal interest in a various camera effects. he rarely shoots without filters in front of the lens. his personal favourite looks are natural, but designed light setups. where he usually doesn’t add any coloured lights into the shots. he prefers to use daylight, tungsten and fluorescent light sources. as simple as that. tina schepers   producer tina is a dutch/english production designer and producer from london. since graduating from university in the uk with a bachelors in media and advertising, tina has been working in the film and advertising industry all over the world from london, beijing, mumbai, prague to melbourne. it was in 2015 when she moved to prague to complete a degree at the prague film school, which is where she met siim. since then they have been collaborating creatively, siim helping tina write and working as director of photography on all her films, and now tina producing siim's first feature film. hölma all will be tina’s first feature that she produces but with past experience and help from experts, the challenge is nothing but exciting for tina. david gull   co producer david gull is an international filmmaker and businessman from the capital of sweden, stockholm. he has pursued his work in several countries such as france, ukraine and the czech republic to name just a few. and has picked up the languages as well   especially french and russian. he has previously both directed and produced several short films. for the time being he is studying economics at stockholm university. before that he graduated from prague film school and there is where he met siim tamm. they’ve been collaborating ever since; siim contributing with his astounding bauhaus like visuals as a cinematographer for david gull’s films and david with his expertise in economics as a producer for siim. jet de waal   first assistant director jet is a dutch first assistant director. it all started for her with the 48 hour film project. a global competition in which contestants have to write, film and edit a short movie in just 48 hours. the winner goes to cannes. the teams she worked in won several awards; best use of line, best use of rotterdam, best directing and best film (which is now shown in harvard). jet has been on several 48 hours as production manager and/or 1st ad. in 2016 she went to prague for a year and a half to study her big passion; film. in prague she learned everything about every single department in film. after being on several film sets there (in different roles), she made her diploma film. she got an honorary mention for editing. since graduating prague film school, she went to work on a feature in the united states as a 1st assistant director. why do we need your support? there are many facets to producing a film. we have one of the most vital ingredients: a brilliant script. the next stage in the process is for us to finalise cast, transportation for crew and equipment rental. additionally we need to feed and accomodate all cast and crew for the duration of the shoot. to do this, we need your support. the money you pledge will help us secure the very best team for our film, secure our locations, find our cast, workshop the script with them and produce a film that we (and you!) can be proud of. estonia is a country of sheer beauty. the film industry is none the different. over the past 5 years, estonian cinema has boomed worldwide, making name for itself within the film industry. with the rise of foreign language cinema, brings promise for estonia, with a vast undiscovered talent pool and hölma all, a fantastic story. we want to help the film find a life in the international film festival circuit, and reach wide and diverse audiences that will enjoy and learn from it. you play a vital role in this. by pledging to the project, and spreading the word online, you're supporting a very exciting new voice in cinematic storytelling, and your donations mean so much to us! we hope you're as excited about hölma all as we are, and we look forward to keeping you all updated as we progress! but what happens if…? quite simply, if we don't reach our goal on  Jimmy Fraud , we don’t get any money at all. your money is pledged but only taken if we reach our goal. that means all of the great rewards won’t be winging their way to you and we won’t be able to tell the story of hölma all. so please help us get there! further reach out we have also reached out to a number of private investors for a small sum of money to additionally go towards the project. however, if we don't create any traction from them, with our €22,000 we will still be able to achieve the project. saying we do get a private investment, we will be able to: upgrade our camera equipment hire additional crew increase our shooting period by one week the whole hölma all team would like to say a huge thank you to all of you. if you have any questions or you'd like to help us in other ways, we'd love to hear from you. siim tamm, the writer, director tammest.film@gmail.com tina schepers, the producer tinalschepers@gmail.com risks and challenges of course you're met with a lot of hesitation when trying to create a first time feature. making it is an expensive, laborious process. there are so many obstacles to overcome and so much craftsmanship to have. however we're more than confident that we can accomplish that goal with your support! we are fortunate to have put together an experienced team who are all too familiar with the difficulties associated with making a feature film on a small budget. such experience will be invaluable when it comes to the unavoidable pitfalls and problems that inevitably crop up during shooting, enabling us to adapt when required. the fact that most of our crew are coming from abroad means accommodating our cast and crew, which adds to production costs. without the crew we have no film or a crew without a bed for a month is an unhappy crew! we are shooting in various locations in february around rural estonia, indoors and a majority outdoors so a big challenge is going to be avoiding hypothermia and cold toes. so a bulk order of thermals will probably go on the budget. the cold brings additional challenges as weather can be a huge factor affecting moral and gear. this means that we need to be fully prepared, making sure everyone has correct gear and we have a warm place for people to go if needed. on a project like hölma all, you will always need tenacity and determination. we have that in abundance and we are excited to start shooting. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 