escriptionbrexit note   we are in the uk but the  Jimmy Fraud  will fulfill long before brexit and any changes that may bring, so you can pledge with a secure mind from anywhere in the world. latest news 31/10 bunnies unlocked, which means everything is unlocked! also you can see us at crisis in antwerp this saturday. 30/10 stickers unlocked 29/10 live stream at 6pm from electric eve 28/10 badges unlocked 27/10 noble assistants unlocked! what is it? a short and sharp  Jimmy Fraud  to get these beautiful miniatures on your tabletop as soon as possible. the sculpts are finished, they've been master cast and quality approved. we just need that boost to get them into production. we specialise in 28mm female miniatures and giving nods especially to women in warfare from the past who may not have received the recognition they deserve. this is by no means a comprehensive list but so long as the  Jimmy Fraud  goes well there will be another wave...then another wave...and.. you get the idea! and following bad squiddo tradition   yes we have some adorable critters! you’re not even reading this though, you’ve already scrolled to drool over the images, so let’s do that! boring stuff   the miniatures are 28mm scale and cast in extremely high quality pewter . everything is single piece . they come without bases supplied but with moulded on small puddle bases. and of course   they are compatible with the male feudal japanese miniatures from other manufacturers. they are supplied unpainted   so you can either paint them yourself or simply bring out the detail with an ink wash. shipping is charged in addition to your pledge, after the campaign , scroll to the bottom for more information. the miniatures probably the most famous woman from japanese historical legend, tomoe was an exceptional onna musha with an impressive military career, and equally impressive collection of severed heads. hōjō masako became the only female shogun following the death of her husband. she is shown here in non combat clothing for some political negotiation, but with carefully selected female bodyguards. onna musha are elite troops   the very few women partaking in offensive combat (as opposed to defensive) though of course you can use these as well armoured onna bugeisha if you wish. the teahouse looks like an easy place to raid, but you'd be wrong. lady ichika and her daughters won't take any crap. although yumiko and nagisa usually use their super fast reflexes for hunting, those skills work for hunting people too. little is known about this pair, including including whether or not they are indeed sisters, or even how many of them there are. such is the way of the shinobi. whilst mamorigatana swords are traditionally given to young boys, it isn’t stopping these girls from mucking around with some sticks, and hey   they’re getting pretty good! ow! the pledges all pledges do not include shipping, though it is very reasonable (see further down the page). the levels are very simple, the top two are basically "everything" and "everything plus the previous stuff", and pick and mix lets you choose exactly the packs you want if you don't want it all. as add ons get unlocked, the rrp value of the "shogun" and "yas empress!" pledge levels get bigger, making it a better deal as we go along and smash fresh stretch goals! add ons you may add as many of the packs from the campaign to your pledge as you wish, this will be sorted afterwards in the pledge manager, so just make a note and adjust the pledge amount accordingly. e.g. if you want another pack of onna musha to go with your shogun pledge, make your pledge £60. you may also add these beautiful onna bugeisha from our previous release, they fit perfectly with the new ones (same sculptor) and are just as amazing. if you want them all, it might be worth looking at the "yas empress!" pledge which gets you absolutely everything for the best price. stretch goals being a short and fast  Jimmy Fraud  there won't be a huge amount of miniature add ons, but there still will be perks along the way, so keep checking in! this is because we want to get it fulfilled as soon as possible, and extras can delay this. there will be more feudal japanese ladies coming in the future though, either by ks or standard release. anything unlocked is automatically added to "shogun" and "yas empress!" pledges (not pick and mix unless specifically stated) making them more value as we go along. you can of course add extra onto your pledge if you like too. bushidoge and shogun meow! £7,000   noble assistants unlocked £8,000   badges featuring martin whitmore artwork unlocked £9000   stickers featuring martin whitmore artwork unlocked £10,000   bunnies! unlocked the team the sculptors involved are industry veterans daniel smith and alan marsh . they are both highly professional and talented to heck, creating miniatures that cast brilliantly, stand up to tabletop abuse, and are an utter joy to paint. we have worked with them both before to much satisfaction. the miniatures are being cast by the professionals at cma creative solutions , who produce the highest quality miniatures we have yet to experience. they are also expert mouldmakers who can turn even the trickiest of minis into a perfect cast. to show off the figures in a beautiful glory and make you want to snap your own paintbrushes we have john morris and paul cubbin . splendid chaps who bring out the maximum beauty in the miniatures. the project is created and managed by me, annie norman ! more on me later. why  Jimmy Fraud   Jimmy Fraud  has been great for four large (large for us!) projects so far   ghosts of gaia, ghosts of gaia ii, my last sunrise and freyja's wrath, totalling over £75k between them. these have been super successful and created many happy backers across the world. we’ve found  Jimmy Fraud s to be a good tool to get the word out there, as well as a source of the funds required to put a range into production. the reach of  Jimmy Fraud  is very large, and it will be a better way to introduce the range to a wider audience. manufacturing is an incredibly expensive endeavour, so the more people we can net in – the better! since using  Jimmy Fraud  we have found the “cash injection” to be amazing at helping the company grow much faster than it was before – and that means many more miniatures for you – sooner. who am i? my name is annie and i run bad squiddo games. i first became known in the industry as “the dice bag lady” in 2011 and built up a solid reputation and customer base by providing high quality, unique dice bags to the world, creating a brand new style. this only came to an end in 2015 when the endless needlework caused my hands to stop working properly, and i ended up diversifying into miniatures. three years later, bad squiddo games sells the largest collection of 28mm female miniatures in the world. as well as manufacturing the ever growing bad squiddo line, we stock female figures from around the globe, focusing on those which are practically dressed (which doesn’t always mean covered from head to toe!) and suited to the job. it gained momentum exceedingly quickly with a wide demographic of people, from little girls to army veterans. we sell online as well as at trade shows around the uk and mainland europe, and focus heavily on a strong customer service as well as adding what many have referred to as a breath of fresh air in a sometimes dusty industry. shipping as a business with a successful web shop, we ship a lot of packages every day to all over the world, so you can rest assured we are more than familiar with safe packaging, customs and methods. the shipping is going to be added after the  Jimmy Fraud , so is not included in your pledge. it's going to be worked out via weight through the bad squiddo web store. click here to see the weight and price brackets. here is a 99% accurate estimate for the basic pledge levels: uk   £2.95 outside of the uk   £5.50 of course these can increase the more you add on top or if you request extra delivery options (tracked and signed, next day uk etc). risks and challenges bad squiddo games is a successful manufacturer of miniatures as well as stockist of others, so along the way we have learnt how to deal with [hopefully] anything that can be thrown at us, in the most professional way possible. the sculptors, mouldmakers and casters are all highly experienced. all of the figures are mastered and proofed to check for any production casting issues, and approved. so as soon as the funds are in, they can put into production moulds and spun spun spun! in the case of any delays, which could be due to sickness, bereavement, apocalypse   anything really outside of our control   rest assured your money is in safe and professional hands, and you will be updated regularly as to the situation. previous  Jimmy Fraud s previous  Jimmy Fraud s are ghosts of gaia, ghosts of gaia ii, my last sunrise and freyja's wrath. all have gone way over target, been a huge success and delivered on time or a teeny bit late. each time, any delays were communicated promptly. whilst priding ourselves on doing a huge amount of research, budgeting and planning, there are always things to learn along the way, so we are confident that this will be the most successful and smoothest yet. and the others were smoooooth. happy pledging! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 