criptionas parents, will we learn from the millennial generation or not? millennials are a generation who mostly raised themselves. they grew up with both parents working. and were left at home in front of machines. we’ve seen what it’s doing to this generation.. millennials were sold a dream, they did what they thought was right to get there, and have been left with a pile of debt and no future certainty around having a job or earning an income. and as a result, mental illness, drug addiction and death are rampant. today it is no better... ...both parents are still working (even harder…) ...kids are even more surrounded by (portable) machines than ever before will we let what happened to (us) millennials happen to our kids as well? we believe the busier a parent is, the more stressed and overwhelmed they feel, and the less present they can be with their children. this might mean children spend less time with parents, and more time with devices. or, it could just mean that the time we spent with our kids is eroded because we have so many difficult challenges and so much going on in our lives that we can barely be present with our children. how can we expect to raise a generation of kids with compassion, kindness, empathy and connection to other humans, if we’re unable to provide that to them ourselves? and, we don’t blame parents for the situation they are in. the people we call “parents” today are millennials. they are strapped with college debt and have the worst unemployment situation ever. it’s no wonder they are overwhelmed by life. they are forced to work insane hours, for low salaries, just to provide for their families. but, we believe it’s not good enough to let the way the world is today determine the fate of our next generation. we believe we can do something to unburden these parents. ease the overwhelm. reduce concern and worry. make life a little more stress free. that’s why we interviewed hundreds of parents and grandparents, and assembled a community of 495+ founding families to advise us. they tell us what their concerns are as parents. they tell us what troubles them. and we serve them, and invent ways of easing those concerns. together, with our founding families, we are pleased to introduce ralph. ralph is your family’s butler. ralph is there to free you from the many headaches of parenting, so you can focus on the joys of being a mom or dad . ralph may be someone you talk to and who helps you out in only a few ways at first; but he is constantly learning new skills, improving his knowledge of you and your family, and overall becoming more and more useful every day. as we listen to and learn more from parents about what is affecting their lives, we are adding to, and improving, ralph. he’s like a human butler, as he gets to know you more, he learns how to play more of a role for you. you can hand over more and more every day, and learn to trust him to get things done for you. you can type messages or speak to ralph… but we can’t build everything all at once. so the first thing we can build is a chatbot using text, email or facebook messenger. our $45k goal has been set so we can do this. when you offer even higher levels of support for ralph, we can do so much more. like building a native app where you can simply push a button and talk to ralph (also allowing you to do a lot more on a phone, like monitor your kids’ activity or control internet access). and if we reach truly awesome heights with your support, we can even make ralph work with your amazon echo or google home devices, so it’s like ralph is truly following you around like a butler. ralph makes managing calendars effortless. ever find yourself having this kind of conversation in your head? “what do i have to do today? jimmy has baseball practice, sophia is going to jenny’s house, i have to pick her up at 6pm. oh, that means i have to cancel yoga, or get harry to pick up sophia. argh, so many pieces to juggle.” you’re doing all this in your head. which means you have a ton of thoughts repeating over and over again, so you don’t drop the ball, let people down and so you show up as the best parent possible. that is a lot of pressure to put on yourself. some of us use paper calendars. some of us use calendars on our phones. ...just to keep up with the chaos. whatever it is. it involves a lot of effort, and mental strain. we spoke to parents and they told us... ...if they could wave a magic wand they’d want someone else to be on top of all the juggling, and they just get told what to do, when to do it and have all the rest of the details managed by someone else. we thought it would be creepy if ralph just listened into everything you did, so instead of having him listen all the time, we came up with the next best thing. kind of like ringing a bell for your butler to come running… all you have to do is tell ralph what to add in and when and it’s done that gets it out of your head and leaves you to rest in peace. if that’s still too much work for you, ralph can get your kids to do this for you. or reach out to coaches or instructors for details around school events and activities. we can even use those events to trigger other reminders... ...for example, ralph will ask you: “do you want me to remind jimmy to be ready for his game 30 min before start time?” …or you can set daily reminders like “ask both kids if they have got their homework done at 7pm each night, and remind them to pack their bags at 7am in the morning.” ralph will take care of managing and tracking all this for you. what really makes this rock is how you can share your family's calendar... you might be wondering how ralph's calendar skills differ from google calendar. and the real magic comes down the sharing the calendar with family members or other people. ...you can share a child whole calendar with grandma if you like. ...you can share just one type of event (sports games) with a family friend that always helps with ferrying kids around. ...you can even set up family groups that always get invited to specific kinds of family events (aka thanksgiving dinner). ralph is your release valve. he helps you release the pressure. parents are like pressure cookers. when they get too hot and overwhelmed they need a release valve to let off the pressure, or they can blow up. our goal is to reduce that pressure in your cooker, so you can enjoy life more and be more present to your kids. dr. phil is famous for saying “it takes a thousand 'atta boy's to erase one 'you're an idiot, you're worthless, you're no good’ ” the less in your pressure cooker, the less times you blow up, the less atta boy’s you’re gonna have to give out. this is so important in shaping your child’s self worth and self esteem. ralph is your executive assistant that has got your back ever wanted to be important enough to have an executive assistant? well, we believe there is no more important role in society than that of parents. so you deserve an assistant, and we want to give you one, with ralph. ralph is there to be your lackey. if you want to release any steam in his direction, he’ll take it. he’s doesn’t have feelings so you can really let loose. but more importantly, if you have a ton of things to do, and you’re worried about dropping the ball, just tell ralph and he’ll keep an active list of ‘to dos’. he can remind you to do them, or you can get a summary of the list at any time. he’s there to help you get stuff that is rattling around your brain out of your brain, and make sure when you do that it still gets done. just imagine having 100% integrity in everything you do, without the worry, concern and chaos that can happen in your mind. that’s why we say ralph puts your mind at ease. ralph helps your children say no to drugs and other temptations if your son is walking home from school with some friends, they stop and one of them whips out a joint, what do you want your son to do / say ? it is these crucial moments of truth that put the fear of god into parents. we are brutally aware of the drug epidemic facing society today, and its connection to the growing mental illness epidemic too, so it is one of our core promises to you that we increase the chances your kids stay drug and temptation free for as long as possible, if not for life. our goal is to prevent them from trying it completely. but if they do get led astray, our secondary goal is to help you detect this as soon as possible, reinforce your expectations and family values during those testing times, and ensure your kids remain on a pathway to success not negativity. four ways we help your kids deflect temptation of drugs, alcohol and underage sex. in that moment of truth, when your son or daughter is tempted, we want four thoughts to rise up in their head, and give them four great excuses to say no to their friends. these are the four cornerstones of our student success (drug abstinence) program. “my parents test me” by adding ralph into your life, you can participate in our hair analysis verification process for kids over the age of 8 years old. even if you trust your kids completely, we want to give you 100% certainty that they have not been led astray. “there is nothing kept secret that will not come to light.” luke 8:17 we believe this is one of the most important factors for having a child remain drug abstinent. “i don’t want to lose my college fund” if you enrol your child in student success, we will help you build up a college fund to help them cover their costs of higher education. (we don’t want them to be debt ridden like us!) we then work with government and philanthropic grants, and corporate sponsors to raise money that we put 100% into the college funds of the kids in the student success program. we even help you set up a special 529 account, which you (or other family members) can make contributions to tax free . your children can only access this college fund and continue to receive funds in it each year by being drug abstinent. “it’s just not something i do” when you’re all alone and nobody's there to watch or influence you, what do you do? ...you draw from your values and principles to make decisions. is this something i do or not do ? what does this decision say about me ? one of the most powerful and crucial ways to ensure your kids make smart decisions, especially when you’re not around to guide them, is to build a strong foundation of values, beliefs and principles. we call these family values. ralph actually helps you define your family values, communicate them powerfully to your children, involve multiple other supporters in that goal (e.g. grandparents) and embed those values bit by bit into your kids every day. that way, they have a strong foundation of values to draw upon when they get into those crucial moments of truth, and they make powerful choices that determine the future of their lives. “i don’t want to disappoint my parents / grandparents” from crime, to drugs, to sex, to alcohol, we believe that every societal problem is most efficiently and powerfully solved by families. the stronger and closer your family become, the more loved, supported and encouraged your children will feel. the more bonded they will be with all of you, and the stronger their desire to please their authority figures and role models will be in their decision making. we want the thought of “letting you down” to be a major factor in them choosing to say “no” in these crucial moments of truth and temptation. ralph can be your family’s coach, protecting what matters how much time, effort and dedication do you give on a regular basis to developing your child’s character, personality and values? we spoke to a hundreds of parents, and most had not talked with their partners about this in over a year. but kids develop quickly, so you have to really be proactive if you want to truly develop and shape your kids. use every opportunity you can get. we help you draw on your family to come up with clear definitions of family values. we help you communicate that to your kids powerfully. we help you set up situations and ‘deals’ where you can help your children experience that family value, learn from it, and embed it into their personality and principles. ...so that they can walk around with that as a permanent part of themselves. ralph also gives your children a real sense of you interest and involvement in their lives. this is probably the most powerful and overlooked part of ralph. we’ve drawn upon decades of science in psychology and education, and leveraged the proven principles and lessons learned from cognitive behavioural therapy: this is the art and science of shaping behaviour through psychological interventions. our founder is ian smith; a 66 year old cancer and heart transplant survivor. having been hit with major health complications in life, and living through them, he feels personally selected for the mission of strengthening families. he has deep study in the fields of education and psychology related to behavioural therapy. and has dedicated the past couple decades of his life to educating some of the most needy children in the most dire situations imaginable. he is truly committed to this mission; when he honestly could be retired on a beach somewhere. he has a great sense of humor, too. see... we’re not only pulling on the expertise of a someone who has made this his life mission, and the hundreds of families that give us real world stories of what needs to happen, but we’ve also assembled a rockstar technical and growth team behind this venture. rockstar technical talent we’ve spent ten months scouring the globe for people of the highest technical talent who also align to our social impact mission. we’ve selected four technical geniuses with a great track record will bring this vision to life from poland, usa, canada and new zealand. aaron zimmerman built the very first version of what is now facebook live, and grew connect cast to millions of daily active users using livestreaming. he also built the app sikr, which is the number one app for finding any event listed on any website around the world, with millions of active events searchable. tomasz malecki worked with tuenti.com which was spain's social network before facebook, and scaled the company from 15 to over 60 developers, and billions of social actions happening every month. he also pioneered and brought to market one of the top 1% of products ever launched on product hunt, bench: rapid fire meetings to get stuff done. lucas marcelli has built learn to code software and bootcamps across canada, helping to teach tens of thousands of children how to code. peter toth is one of the top efficiency geeks in the southern hemisphere working with leading global tech companies in the defence industry and telecommunications industry. a rockstar social impact focused growth team when it comes to social impact ventures (companies that are more about a mission, than about a ‘profit’) there is one growth team in the world that stands out above the rest. that team is called growth angel. they are a team of social impact motivated growth people with skills to turn any idea into a success story. and they’re fully committed to impact as their mission. they are set up as a non profit cooperative. in fact, the ceo of growth angel, jay scott, has already seen massive success in the parenting market helping the read me stories app grow into… ...a community of over 6 million parents teaching their children to read. when it comes to building technology that solves real parents’ problems, and getting that into the hands of millions of parents so they can grow incredible, confident children.... ...this is the team to be doing it. we’re only just scratching the surface of ralph… here are some of the things we’d also like to bring to ralph teacher module we’re in the process of working with schools to help connect teachers to ralph, so you can get a daily digest of what your kids learn today. research has shown that kids who talked about what they learn each day, embed that knowledge better and perform better academically. grandparent management did you know that grandparents that spend time with grand kids live longer, and experience a less difficult journey in their later lives. you can literally keep your parents here for longer by involving them more...and never mind the fact that you get to offload the kids for a while and get a bit of a rest. ralph will help find opportunities to do this. equally, if you’re taking care of any grandparents, we make it easy for you to keep track of their medicine intake, their doctors appointments, and ralph can make sure everything gets done and you are supported on this journey. chores, deals, rewards & celebrations want to set up a chore chart to help teach discipline, contribution and deeper family values? we can help you do that, set up deals, track them, and organise rewards. we can even get the grandparents involved in the gifting and reward process. life is full of powerful opportunities to embed strong values in your kids. we also help you harness those critical moments of success like when a child wins a prize, does a speech, or scores a touchdown. whatever success they achieve is recorded, and gifts can be given as congratulations to embed how important the family sees these achievements. internet monitoring and control one of the biggest challenges parents face, especially if they are busy, is “what are my kids watching, listening to and seeing on their devices?” many parents have told us how important this to them, and the lengths they are going to to manage this in their household. we are investigating how we could do this powerfully and better for parents. for example, what if we monitor everything they do, how long they do it for, and send you a summary list of red flag content you might want to check out. what if we could help you actively manage what apps are accessible, when, for how long, and at what times of day. this is a technical challenge, but we believe there are elements of this that we can bring to the table to help ease your concern as parents. tutor module ever wanted to get extra help in a particular area of academic achievement for your children ? well, because we’re connected into schools, teachers and so many families, as well as corporate, government and philanthropic sponsors, we are able to provide tutoring services at a much lower cost than if you go out on your own. we’ll build in access to this and make management of tutoring effortless for you and your kids. this is only possible if you choose to back this project… after months of intensive research, hundreds of conversations with parents and grandparents, we’ve gotten to the point where we know what to build, how it’s going to work. we’ve put together the team that is going to do it… ....but we need to make sure everyone can be fully dedicated to this mission. which is why we need your backing today. if you believe in this mission… if you believe this is valuable to you as a parent or grandparent… if you believe the next generation needs all the help it can get… then we ask you today to back this project and help us bring ralph to life. we are not going to stop here, with what we’ve described ralph is capable of. every day, in every way, we will be making him better and better. with your help, support, guidance and financial backing of this project, we can truly change the world. here are some ways you can make a pledge and back this project: whatever you choose to do today, once you made your pledge, we will send you a secret message for how you can double or even triple your reward package. the moment you make a pledge and become a backer for this project, we will send you two easy ways you can support us, and in return we will double or triple your rewards. if you make this project a success. if you help us spread the word about this. if you help us shift an entire generation away from a lot of unnecessary suffering. if you lead the way as a parent for the next generation this is the timeline you can expect from us: if you believe this is the team to do it... if you believe our intentions are aligned to changing this world for the better... if you want to be part of the community of parents making this a reality... if you want ralph for yourself, your kids and your family... then all you have to do is back this project… there is no risk to you. no credit card charge. nothing. if this project does not reach its first financial milestone. when we are successful , then we’ll continue working on ralph as we are already doing today. this is an exclusive opportunity to get in early at a major discount , and to become a part of the founding families movement that has gotten us so far! we appreciate all your support, whether you back this project today, or share it with a friend. there are incredible ways to be an impact here. any questions please reach out. we will get back to you immediately. risks and challenges technical challenges we are entering relatively new technological territory by working in the middle of a few breakthrough spaces. chatbots, artificial intelligence, voice interaction systems. all of these are new ish to the market. this means we will be investing a lot into new technological solutions, where others have not gone before. because of this, where we think a task may take x hours, we may eventually realise that it may take longer. ultimately, everything we want to achieve appears to be possible, and we will get there eventually, but there may be delays in getting there exactly "on time". we address this challenge by surrounding ourselves with technological geniuses. two of the members of our team, tom malecki and aaron zimmerman, have cofounded, built and been involved with technologies that have been ahead of their time, with millions of users. both of these team mates know how to make things work, figure things out, and deal with major challenges innovatively, without being stuck or blocked. plus, we have access to some of the greatest technical innovators on the planet as private advisors, including one of the technical founders of akamai (which most if the internet and app stores are built on top of). we're not short of technical talent in this team. challenge: ralph is too bot like the best outcome for every one of us is that ralph feels like a real human butler. but this will take time for him to learn how to interact with every family, and for him to gain a personality. we do worry a little that at the beginning ralph is going to feel a lot more like a robot than a human, so we worry that even though he is going to be a super useful tool for making the family run like a well oiled machine, families may resist him at first. we hope with every new user, and every new chat, ralph's personality will develop and he will become increasingly more human day by day across the whole user base. cashflow as with every early stage product, cash is the lifeblood of the company. without it, we would not be able to support our team mates who bring this whole vision to reality, and without them we wouldn't be able to continue. luckily, with the success of this campaign, we expect to kick things off with a bang. and even if things take longer, our partners and team mates are willing to push themselves without the need of cashflow for extended periods of time to bring this vision to the world. ultimately, we see that the world is in a crisis of values, and ralph is what will bring back stability to the family unit, build stronger foundations in our next generation, and create a world where tens of millions of kids are diverted away from a life of negativity and pain, and towards a life of joy, happiness and success. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 