ry currently the mechanisms of bequest fundraising for large or small organizations, or even individual bequest seekers, is a fragmented process that often leaves potential heirs, bequest seekers/fundraisers, intimidated and feeling like their efforts are ineffective. larger organizations such as hospitals, churches and universities, don’t have that problem in pursuing bequests as they have larger fundraising staffs and larger potential donor pools to build a long term rapport with over time. there is no tool for smaller organizations or individuals to expand their potential donor bases or for potential donors to explore their options for bequest giving...until now. bequest connection will offer fundraisers and individuals a social media platform where they may target their bequest fundraising initiatives at a potential donor base of people engaged in the process of estate planning. thereby starting a conversation for bequest giving at the perfect time for both fundraiser/individual and donor. donors won’t be limited either. they will see that the smallest of bequest gifts will be extremely meaningful to people who will treasure such gifts and not just building war chests. bequest connection, llc is a unique company and is structured with only one member, joseph harman, president. scott lohr of 40 west studios is the primary marketing and it contractor responsible primarily for building the platform assisted by development and maintenance subcontractors of our choosing. our customer base is twofold. potential heirs will pay an annual fee of $25.00 dollars to build and maintain their profile on bequestconnection.com. our donors do not pay anything to search for heirs for their estate. site registration is mandatory to explore the site for security reasons and to collect email addresses to build a base for our newsletter. our paying customer base is potential heirs. over 1.8 million 501c3 organizations in the u.s. alone are a primary potential market. our mission at bequest connection, llc is simply this: help people leave what they love with others who will love it! our service offering is a simple, affordable, bequest fundraising platform where fundraising and estate planning converge. a marketing cooperative for organizations without large donor bases to explore the potential of bequest fundraising. bequestconnection.com will offer fundraisers a social media platform where they may target their bequest fundraising initiatives at a potential donor base of people already engaged in the process of estate planning. thereby starting a conversation for bequest giving at the perfect time for both fundraiser and individual donor. donors won't be limited either. they will see that the smallest of bequest gifts will be extremely meaningful to people who will treasure their support in growing their organizations. bequest fundraisers will build their own profile page on the platform to present their group to potential donors who are looking to leave gifts of a money or non monetary nature to people who can utilize them and appreciate such assistance. and putting those gifts to use to advance a cause, assist others in perpetuating a shared love or fulfill the altruistic need of the donor to make a final difference in the world will be our goal in linking organizations with donors. these are our customers, heirs and donors. a final expression of shared love is what we will provide them with through our platform offering. our customer base is twofold. potential heirs will pay an annual subscription fee of $25.00 to build and maintain their profile on bequestconnection.com. our donors will pay nothing to search for heirs for their estate. we will not collect any percentages of any gifts beyond the annual subscription fee. the pool of organizations will be marketed to estate planners, financial planners, estate attorneys, wealth management groups, funeral homes, accountants, and philanthropy websites to name some of our targeted groups in marketing on behalf of our subscribers. bequest connection, llc will establish a bequest fundraising platform dedicated to helping people making estate planning decisions connect with those seeking bequests. we will focus on the "who" in estate planning and not the "how" of estate planning. the service will be a platform for organizational bequest fundraisers to build a profile page whereby they market their cause to a cooperative pool of potential donors already engaged in the estate planning process. they also could include links to other websites or social media pages to augment their bequest connection profile material. conversely, they can also promote their bequest connection profile by linking it to their social media and web pages alike. although there are numerous individual bequest fundraisers , there is no bequest fundraising platform in existence that emphasizes a cooperative marketing strategy for small to medium sized organizations. there are associations for development officers, full time fundraisers, etc..., but they are often expensive to join and rely on direct contact with each other and their known donor pools. there is a large body of literature dedicated to the need for all organizations to develop bequest fundraising strategies, but little to help them expand their potential donor bases like we will be able to do for them. 2) company overview bequest connection is an llc with joseph v. harman as president and sole member. the company was organized september 4, 2018 in the state of maryland he came up with the company concept of a bequest fundraising social media platform after his mother passed away and the estate had to be settled. he was moved by the assortment of kitchenware and knew how much love went into the acquisition of her cookware and it’s utilization in cooking for her family over the years. he knew it would give her great joy to know her beloved collection had a good use. but not everyone can pass on all that they love if they have no heirs to truly appreciate what is left behind. finding an heir for whatever you love will be easier now than ever before with bequestconnection.com. 3) management team joseph harman (president and sales manager) scott lohr, 40 west studios, llc (contracted marketing, website creation, and it) 4) industry analysis new entrants: possible, but unknown at this time. estate fundraising is roughly a 22 million dollar annual “pie” with trillions to be transferred over the next 34 years. key customers: 1.8 million 501c3 organizations in the u.s. future development may include individuals with an eye to develop an heir profile that can include almost any asset that a potential donor may want to gift someone who would truly appreciate such a final gift. non 501c3 organizations a few examples: schools, universities, social programs, justice programs, collectors, animal lovers, students, activists, entrepreneurs,hobby enthusiasts...you name it. advertisers: lawyers, estate planners 5) marketing and sales overview: bequest connection will maintain a social media platform dedicated to bequest fundraising while emphasizing the importance of creating an heir profile for as many potential customers as possible. individual expansion, as well as app development, are logical steps as our business expands. a flat annual fee for all heir profiles ensures a fair and level playing field for anyone seeking a bequest no matter the size and scope of their organization or cause. positioning: our service offering is simple. a profile page on our platform where anyone seeking a bequest can state an appeal to potential donors who are in the process of selecting a cause to perpetuate through a final gift. in providing this service we hope to become the preferred platform for bequest fundraisers, development officers or any organization representative entrusted with fundraising to expand their potential pool of bequest donors. helping bequest fundraisers and individuals find greatly needed resources, and assisting donors make tough final decisions for the most useful purpose of their final gifts in ways that are both sensitive to donors’ situations and effective for fundraisers, will help positions us as a trusted and useful bequest fundraising platform. 6) pricing $25.00 per year to create, publish and maintain a profile page on bequestconnection.com. no premium or preferred services for larger and more wealthy organizations. page information and size will be limited as well. the donor experience is important and they do not need bombarded with premium heir profiles and pop up ads, but rather an honest presentation of what is available to them in making their final arrangements. we may do a promotional pricing scale of 18 months for the price of 12 for the first 5,000 heir profiles to stimulate sales growth. 7) promotion internet marketing: facebook, linkedin, twitter, blogging and newsletter to share via email list from those who register with bequestconnection.com. the objective is to develop a large heir base first, then pursue marketing that heir base to potential donors. both heir users and donor users will have to register and have a valid email address. generating interest and positive word of mouth through social media to increase sales of heir profiles and site registrations is a key first step. bequest connection, llc believes social media will be key to the success of its customer acquisition strategy and overall profitability. the platform cannot be marketed until it’s developed and operational. fundraising associations, fundraisers, development officers, non profit 501c3 organizations of all sizes will be targeted via linkedin, facebook, email and cold calling. blogging on the subjects of bequest giving and estate planning may prove useful as well. paid internet advertising campaigns that are more costly will be pursued when the company develops positive cash flow. an internet launch plan including analytical content, philosophical content and case studies on bequests will be developed closer to the launch date. 8) strategy and implementation positive cash flow within 1 year. break even in 2 years. 9) swot analysis strengths innovation within a field that is looking for innovative approaches to develop larger donor pools inspiration driven motivation for potential donors different approach to estate planning useful to many within the industry to expand their donor pool, raise consciousness about bequests and create business for attorneys and estate planners by focusing on “who” in estate planning, not just the “how” creates many options for all involved parties that were never before available until this platform was developed two way promotional opportunities bequestconnection.com profile page links on social media pages of potential heirs and social media page links on bequestconnection.com heir profile pages to promote the platform. this will help raise consciousness, inspire curiosity and illustrate the benefits of writing a will for many. inspirational stories of gifts and small gifts making a difference will illustrate that small gifts matter too. i.e. the butterfly effect bequest connection's social media page publishing approach is a format familiar to many either in creating one (for heirs) or browsing through them (for donors) to start the bequest conversation. donors are in complete control of the bequest process, choosing who and how all while maintaining their privacy and confidentiality. there is strength in numbers. as our heir/subscriber numbers grow, our donor marketing budget grows and gives us the ability to reach more potential donors. this will in turn increase our heirs’ chances of receiving bequests, which in turn will generate more interest from organizations and individuals to subscribe to the service. weaknesses untested approach to estate planning potential for abuse and predatory behavior that will need addressed in recommendations for users and disclaimers for legal protection and in the terms of service i.e. 3rd party contacts are highly recommended, never send money to receive a bequest as bequests are free gifts, etc… opportunities so many organizations need to increase bequest fundraising donor pools or start bequest fundraising programs, but have no innovative tool to do just that bequest fundraising is the last great fundraising opportunity according to ken burnett. bequestconnection.com exploits that opportunity, solves problems and bridges gaps to increase and realize bequest fundraising potential in ways not possible with current, dated strategies. levels the playing field and gives smaller organizations a voice and platform nationally empowers individuals as heirs and donors to market their cause and advance it through both gifts received and donations made through bequestconnection.com empowers donors with options for their wealth and possessions, allowing them to make targeted impacts that were never before known to them without bequestconnection.com threats larger organizations and associations taking the concept over 10) competitive edge differentiation: we are bequest connection and we are the only bequest fundraising social media platform. we have no known competition. we are unique and positioned to create a bequest fundraising social media platform that will connect people and empower them to make large and small differences in the world. innovation: we bring a service to the table that the industry needs at the moment. the service seems to fill the greatest need and exploit opportunity at the right time. every group, organization and many individuals can create an heir profile that gets their unique presence in front of a national donor base where people can truly leave what they love with someone who will love it  monetarily or otherwise. 11) financials legal fees for llc formation, intellectual property and non disclosure agreements, terms of service, disclaimers and liability protection and general representation it and marketing fees monthly it maintenance and server fees insurance bookkeeping and tax assistance hardware risks and challenges there should be few risks involved in the creation of this platform if we meet our financial goal for the start up. i am requesting enough to fully capitalize the operation of the platform for at least one year. that should be enough time to establish a positive cash flow and hopefully break even in two years. our legal expenses for the development of non disclosure agreements, intellectual property agreements, terms of service, disclaimers and privacy policy will be expensive as cyber security representation is fairly specialized. our marketing and it contractor is capable and has additional resources should they be needed to fully create and market the platform. creation and monthly maintenance fees on virtual severs will also cost a good deal of money. i will be making direct sales calls as well to increase subscription rates. our rewards for your pledge will also help in generating interest among various groups once they start creating their profile pages and sharing links to our platform on their websites and social media accounts. we will however need some flexibility on the exact launch time as there may be delays beyond our control in launching the platform. our legal work and platform creation may be delayed depending on the amount of work that needs done. also, there may be a possibility that the business could fail financially before all the rewards have been actualized by our groups with multi year subscriptions. in other words, if you pledge $100.00 dollars and you only name one group to receive a four year subscription credit on our platform and the business fails before the four year credit is actualized, we cannot refund you or your group the remainder of the unused subscription credit. that's why we are recommending that if you pledge more than twenty five dollars to our start up, that you distribute the subscription credits to more than one group. that way, they are sure to receive the full amount of a single year credit on our platform. also, the higher the number of groups included in our start up rewards program will help our company receive greater exposure which increases the likelihood that we will succeed over the long term. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 