scriptionitalian following roots   cultural heritage through technology pilot project about the best practice "following roots" author: c. romano promoting institution centro studi eu.tropia ricerca sviluppo formazione with many years of experience in advanced training resource and territorial development how the idea was born there are more than 90 million italians in the world. only in america there are more than 20 million between 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th generation. analyses about the emigration effects in general and informal meetings with privileged, witness(1), in particular on the needs of those sons born from italian emigration , find that most of people belonging to the 3rd and 4th generation are affected by the lost of italian spirit and are looking for their own roots : “ … la terza e la quarta generazione risultano ben inserite nella società in cui operano […] via via che le generazioni si integrano, cominciano a sentire il bisogno di riscoprire le radici e cercano di recuperarle perché senza memoria non c’è identità(2)...” […]. “…il nostro cibo sopravvive, sì, ma la nostra cultura è molto più del cibo. […] quelli di prima generazione naturalmente erano molto italiani, i loro figli (2^ generazione) miravano a diventare americani […]. ora abbiamo diversi italoamericani che non conoscono bene il nostro paese: e non si può mantenere vivo un patrimonio culturale solo con le parole. quello che dobbiamo fare è trasformare le parole in azione, ma è un grande problema: come si fa a farlo con i giovani? il web è un modo […] si può anche fare formazione ed educare?(3)” the idea “ italian following roots ” catches this need and promotes an innovative solution in order to solve the problem: the use of digital for the rediscovery of roots and the generational passage of the cultural heritage of origin all over the world . it is a project, an integral and concrete methodological example of the best practice " following roots " (illustrated below), useful in the preservation of cultural heritage and education/training for diversity of cultural expressions . it is able to pass down, from one generation to another, the intangible and tangible assets of the rural world, characterized by the origins of their grandparents, their ancestors, the migrants, and made up by fatigue, rituals, knowledge and memories of centuries old traditions, and by small artisan shops too, using digital technology. project context territory and origin of the documentation territory the material basis of the project " italian following roots " is made by the cultural heritage of the north slope of mount vesuvio (14 km away from the nearby city of napoli)(4), which is subject of a scientific survey carried out "on field" from years 1988 to years 2002(5). this land, already thriving since roman times, symbol of the passage of ancient peoples (roman, angevin, aragonese ...) and families belonging to the most important names of the neapolitan aristocracy(6), in '700, thanks to the fertility of the fields and to the rich bushmeat, large and small owners, kings and barons, occupied with their buildings, spreading, together with the monastic orders, the culture of the city, visible in the peasant traditional themes, wine and gastronomy, rituals and festivity, craft practices and even, here and there, civil and religious architecture, in the architectural details, portals, stairs(7). this particular location over the centuries has characterized the presence of a tangible and intangible cultural heritage, strong, distinctive, and largely disappeared today. the project therefore provides the configuration and promotion, through new technologies of a digital " prodotto cultural heritage vesuviano ”, integrated across multiple assets, in its most complete meaning of identity reading of a unique and unrepeatable territory for its exceptionality and uniqueness of documentary materials, with a demoethnoanthropological and historical artistic nature. origin of documentation the documentation accumulated over many years is the result of years of projects in the area, coordinated and conducted by carmela romano, who is an exceptionally knowledgeable of the territory she belongs to. these projects " on field ", are about research initiatives about arts and popular traditions, conducted in the years 1988 2003, including projects as “ folk ”, “ scuola arte e territorio ”, “ nonno day ”, “ ai confini della città – forni, torchi e arte ”, promoted at the international tourism exchange (bit)   milano, patronage of campania region and municipalities of the territory, divided into seven tourist cultural itineraries dalla piazza alla masseria ; il presepe dalla città alla campagna: arte e tradizioni ; i luoghi del vino tra arte, tammorra e tammuriata; lungo la via dei pellegrinaggi…; tesori d’arte poco noti nell’entroterra campano dal paleocristiano all’arte contemporanea; la costa di napoli e la “villa di delizie”   la villa di campagna e la masseria; dimore regie e "casini" di caccia del '700: storia arte e costumi aimed at the territory exploitation, the education to the plurality of cultures, the generational passage of identity themes about the hinterland vesuvius, involving even middle and high schools, and groups of local young and old people, in multiannual research activities on field this allow to accumulate a vast and different documentary heritage, made up by photos, oral histories, transcripts, testimonies through interviews, culinary practices, rituals and beliefs, music, paper documents, whose contents reflect dramatically the way of thinking, working, dreaming, playing, loving, living of the local people, especially of the elderly ones, who are last voice that more than others represents the historical memory of ancient rural traditions. for his anthropological and ethnographic value, which makes it unique and unrepeatable, this heritage is now fully valued thanks to the many attractive opportunities offered by digital technology. thus, the goal of the project " italian following roots " was born, through which it is possible to valorize the cultural heritage, systematized by documents, and create cultural communication products for different target audiences such as the communities of italians abroad who want to rediscover their roots, the schools and young people of the 3rd and 4th generation, in order to raise awareness about their most authentic traditions, to strengthen the "sense of belonging", to educate them to the richness of cultural diversity, the artisans in search work, enriched by the experience and wisdom of their past. italian following roots   cultural heritage through technology pilot project main objectives valorization of the cultural immaterial and tangible heritage; digital systematization of documents; creation of cultural communication products for different target audiences; training courses in " combined school/stage on field " (i.e. thematic training courses based on specific target audience (about religious festivities, rites and beliefs, traditional processes, etc.) realized in italo foreign schools and than in italy through a stage on filed about themes already analyzed at school); constitution of a virtual documentation centre called “following roots” in national and international network. " following italian roots " focuses on " trip roots ", through technological innovation, in order to export and spread a " prodotto cultural heritage vesuviano ", among italians in the world, which is immaterial and tangible, aimed at the rediscovery of roots. it will help to keep alive the italian identity memory, even through the activation of actions of sensitization/orientation and training to understanding " la diversità delle espressioni culturali " (unesco), dedicated to schools, groups, communities, in particular to the new italo foreign generations, according to the standard practice "following roots". basic steps the project idea is addressed, in its short period, to the cultural italo  foreign demand, especially to people of campania in the world. "italian following roots", starting from the research actions "on field" , already documented, it is proposed to complete the organization of existing materials in thematic routes, and the realization, through digital technologies, of the following steps: digitization of cultural heritage , images , photos , practice with real situations, domestic and rural labor, fairy tales , legends , sayings of the years 1988 2002, aimed to the conservation and dissemination of them, through the creation of some “multimedia virtual tours”, organized in themed "virtual room " , narrated thanks to ( digital storytelling ), which offer more levels of interpretation . enhancement and cultural communication, at first, through an itinerant, temporary and regularly “ virtual exhibition ”, that occurs in each national festivals and local holidays ( like easter week , the feast of st. anthony , the carnival ) to allows the rediscovery of cultural identity of southern italy, the circulation of idea and the cultural exchanges which has been passed down from generation to generation in the world (than also throug fixed locations) creating a digital communication centre "following roots" together with local and international institutions, ensuring access to the intangible cultural heritage of different local cultural realities. economic value in order to create employment and to develop business opportunities in the cultural heritage area, by the implementation of a brands affiliate program called “ following roots " dedicated to the italian communities, institutions, companies, agencies services, associations , public/private institutions, active in the cultural field. economic sustainability about future objectives: generating economies around the cultural heritage consisting of commission on received reservations and/or on the sold tickets markets/objectives the project aims at promoting the “prodotto cultural heritage vesuviano” and at developing its activities: a) in the short   medium   long term in local foreign areas such as schools, groups , italian communities in the world, italian and foreign institutions, cultural agencies, public/private institutions, for the valorization of the intangible cultural heritage, the rediscovery of roots, the italianness in the world and for the awareness/education for new generations , as a concrete and adequate response to needs expressed by italian people and institutions, in line with the requirements of unesco , un, eu   creative europe   europa 2020 b) in the medium   long term in italian local areas for the expansion, diversification, deseasonalization of tourist flows , responding to local, regional, national and international demands and for the promotion of a networking system with italian museums and associations that represents the intangible cultural heritage of central and northern italy, as well as in other southern areas, from a synergistic interactive point of view aimed to the respect for the cultural diversity carrying out activities "italian following roots " : time , phases , target a) time : short and medium term construction of thematic paths/documentaries narrated ( storytelling ) and organized in " virtual room " (eg. rituals and festivities room , room about the domestic practices, room about the winemaking, room about gastronomy and ceremonial times, roo m about oral expressions, etc ..), reconstruction of paths about the photographic virtual reality , in a narrative form. thematic analysis (movies room, tools room associated with the practice   .......) activities take place over 3 years (2016   2019) divided into: fisrt year : i and ii phase second year : iii and iv phase third year : v and vi phase b) phases 1st year i phase about exploratory and environmental studies: i path/documentary of landscapes “ paesaggi di storia contadina ” (rural landscapes, farms, rural outbuildings , etc ... . ) ii phase: everyday lives, rural and artisan lifestyles ii path/documentary “ pratiche domestiche e artigiane, prassi e consuetudini ” iii path/documentary “ casa, corredo e matrimonio ” iv path/documentary “ giochi e passatempi ” subphases : thematic analysis, multi   tools and their use in living spaces (farmhouse, rural outbuildings, well, wash house, barn in associated with peasant world issues), dialectal linguistic expressions (disused or being extinguished) related to tools, everyday life, rural and artisan practices and “corredo” for marriage in 30s and 90s. 2nd year iii phase: popular religiosity. beliefs and folk remedies v path/documentary “ pasqua vesuviana, feste religiose ” “ i battenti ” (“ e vattienti ”) vi path/documentary “ credenze, rimedi e pratiche mediche ” vii path/documentary “ edicole votive sul territorio ” subphase : thematic insights: rituals and festivities   traditional cuisine with typical dishes about the ceremonial times. iv phase: oral expressions “proverbi” e “cunti” viii path/documentary “ cunti”, fiabe, proverbi, detti in parlata dialettale" , traslated in italian and spanish (and then in other languages too), narrated verbally by a napolitan actor or by old people of the place. ix path “ i bambini sperimentano ”: stories about everyday life, old plays, “cunti” and fairy tale. 3rd years v phase living phenomena of today’s tradition: a comparison of results between present and past vi phase historical artistic for a broad and integrated interpretation, immaterial and historical architectural, of the area (civil and religious architecture, and particulars indicating the artistic value between naples and its hinterland vesuvius during the 18th century)(8) c) consumers italo foreign target during the short term (italian people in argentina, germany, switzerland, france, brazil, belgium, usa, uk, canada, australia, venezuela) groups, communities, associations, institutes of italian culture, families, old people passionate about the made in italy world italo foreign schools of all levels, university students (training courses centered on contents of high cultural value " patrimonio dell’umanità " and on a interactive training strategy aims to combined the scientific aspect with the educational one through interactive methodologies: use of empowerment practices, virtual environments edutainment/intercultural exchanges based on target, for students of schools and different countries, distance learning (fad), blended, seminars, meetings, project work, specific laboratories in real and simulated contexts, cooperatives learning, working groups...); the " virtual exhibition " at the end of each phase, will have a cut mainly educational/informative and will retrace the salient issues of the rural world vesuviano . the reproduced materials/documentaries will involve adult users, the elderly ones and youth and children, in a visual and sound "travel", narrated through target, including folklore, stories and "cunti", magic and beliefs, rural places, artisan mastery, traditional household productions of a reality made up by hard work, sacrifice, cooperation, customs and rituals and phenomena of secular tradition, passed down from generation to generation, recreated by groups as a response to their environment nad their history. implementing of a program according to the italian local areas in medium and long term perspective, among the innovative tools that already exist we shall enumerated : the traveling exhibition organized in narrated “ virtual room   ”thematic paths (storytelling), geo referenced maps , insights at several levels of reading , multimedia information totem, … and then fixed locations of "virtual reality" too, in museums, archaeological sites, schools, ...; the " card/vesuvio " for thematic route, an innovative and integrated instrument between tangible and intangible resources of the hinterland of vesuvius, that have to "linked" with some of the world's most famous archaeological (like the archaeological site of pompeii and ruins of herculaneum). at the same time, it means that the "recognized" historical   artistic   archeological heritage can be used to promote "unrecognised" heritage too, but which instead are in each local communities. the ultimate goal is to make " the other side of vesuvius ” more known, which is still unexplored and out from cultural circuits of tourism; the planning of a education/training program for target, groups and schools, starting from the minimum standards of best practice of "following roots" , developed on the basis of the local demand of institutions which are interested in. future prospective: the project “italian following roots” as its first practical world application of the general best practice “following roots” recent studies(9) about immigration point out that the migratory phenomenon, in the last twenty years, featuring especially the developing countries, highlights the growing problem of the disintegration of the traditional social structure and the erosion of the intangible heritage of origin and cultural fragmentation, in constantly expansion in countries of destination, accentuated by the phenomenon of globalization and social transformations in place. there is, therefore, a need “ identificare misure concrete per rafforzare i benefici delle immigrazioni internazionali per migranti e per paesi di destinazione e il loro importante legame con lo sviluppo” (10), in order to counter, firstly, this conflicts on several fronts , xenophobia, non acceptance of differences, loss cultural identity of migrants and self marginalization that this may cause, felt particularly among the second generations born from immigration. a matter of such importance can only be resolved on the recognition of the right to be different, in reciprocal respect between groups, communities of migrants and host populations , united in an intercultural dialogue based on the circulation of ideas “ al fine di garantire a livello internazionale scambi culturali più intensi ed equilibrati, favorendo così il rispetto interculturale e una cultura della pace “ (unesco) the complexity of the issue is not , however, due to the analysis of the problem or to the final objective to be achieved, the one about the implementation of a real intercultural society, based on cultural diversity , but the identification of "concrete operational solutions ". the specificity of the current program lies in having identified these concrete and " practical solutions ", through the use of " friendly " computer technologies, easily accessible everywhere, even by the youngest generations of migrants. a) the real solution was found in the "idea" to "accompany" the migratory travel to their new destination, from their cultural heritage of origin, from their identity memories, systematized from the scientific point of view, to re create, in the place of destination, the circulation and sharing of intercultural identity resources, in a dynamic and evolutionary perspective. with the implementation of the model "following roots", the everyday life, the "intangible cultural heritage", the customs and traditional practices of each group/community, will be recovered, preserved and, at the same time, "revitalized", because exported in the world , in order to face the " forced displacement " of migrants, contributing to the rediscovery of roots, to keep alive the memory between new generations, to build effective intercultural exchanges, being aware about the value of differences. this "idea" was evocatively enclosed in the title of the program " following roots ", capable of revealing the objective that the "roots" (cultural) follow the journey , often imposed by serious economic and social reasons (if not of actual survival needs) and accompany the migrants in their " painful " path, as a sort of " imaginary baggage ". b) innovative technologies have been identified as the most appropriate instrument for both the phase of systematization of the cultural heritage of origin country of departure and for the exploitation of the same, in the country of destination, through the "trip roots". the brand "following roots": a) reproducibility and transferability of the model. on the basis of these core elements was, then, drawn up an innovative model of best practice s (12) with the brand " following roots" , characterized by "reproducibility 'and transferability", used in all the geographical areas affected by migratory flows (both national, but also , within individual nations, of "regional" or "local" dimension), in the preservation of the cultural heritage and the education to respect and maintenance of cultural differences. the reproducibility and transferability is ensured by the "standardization" of the program, characterized by step key, phases and subgroups and by its suitability to be " implemented " in the " concerned countries " (both of origin and destination) including through possible systems of " affiliation ", public/private partnerships in the cultural heritage sector, with the involvement of schools, groups, communities, experts, public and private institutions. b) standardization of the model: strengths the practice, standardized in eight key steps, six implementing steps and subgroups of study , already developed, (available for the interested schools/institutions) able to be adapted to local demand, taking into account emerging needs in terms of recovery of the intangible heritage, but also of the educational/training purposes, has, among others, its strengths : in the innovative idea , original and strategic, to accompany the " viaggio delle persone " with the " viaggio delle radici ", whatever the path and geographical context or the reason for the departure and the related expectations about the arrival in the country of destination concerned, through digital technology; in the usability of results of the experience of the pilot project "following italian roots", concrete example for its usefulness as " best practices " as part of the global applicability program "following roots". c) qualifying elements in relation with supranational policies (unesco, un, eu): " following roots " is in line with the legal instruments promoted by international organizations, dealing with the safeguarding of the intangible cultural heritage and the promotion of the diversity of cultural expressions. in such contexts, it provides effective response, practical implementation of these legal principles, thanks to the policy relevance , according to the project, for the large target involved (communities, groups, schools, families, elderly, scholars, passionate about italiannes, public/private institutions in the sector of cultural heritage). in the face of such instruments, the importance of the project is that, for the first time , a best practice has been developed, capable of: concretely supporting, among other legal aspects, the preservation, the valorization and the recognition of the fundamental role played by the immaterial cultural heritage in enriching cultural diversity, including the respect for it, and human creativity (unesco “ convenzione per la salvaguardia [...] ”   paris october 17, 2003   preamble, articles 13, 14; “ convenzione sulla protezione e la [...] adottata dall’ onu   october 20, 2005, articles1, 10, 12, 15; eu   convenzione quadro del consiglio d’europa sul valore del patrimonio culturale per la società   faro, 27/10/2005). in particular, innovative aspects in relation to transferability: "following roots" practice, or a part of it, can be effectively used in contexts different from the original one, also in order to promote alternative measures to marginalization of disadvantaged young people with the " promotion of doing " in group activities on filed, aimed to the development of constructive skills, of socialization in school, in the family, with repercussions of the interventions on person and on the school , from a scientific/educational point of view. young people will gain ability to see, analyze, select, synthesize, filing and reproduce in an organized way the subject matter of direct investigation. d) main addresses the practice, differentiated by target , in a particular way, addresses to schools of all levels, citizens, adults and elderly, to the institutuion responsible for integration, interculturalism, conservation and enhancement of the cultural heritage of tradition and collective memory, with a renewed best practices , with an easy reproducibility and transferability in similar contexts compared to the original one and not, and in different contexts in the countries all over the world. e) base paths overall, "following roots" identifies two integrated/systemic programs , defferent for their goals and target: path for groups, communities and schools, with an educational/training purposes path for the recovery/rediscovery of intangibles, with a conservative/informative purposes, also in view of scientific cataloging, with the involvement of specialized professionals, competent and knowledgeable of the site, object of the investigation on filed. evocative aspect of “italian following roots” one of the profiles to qualify the project " italian following roots" as an application of the general program "following roots" is the extraordinary evocative power of a world made of good " piece of bread ", a " glass of wine ", and magic and beliefs , effort and sacrifices , customs and rituals . thought for our italian in the world and for the ones "public" passionate to the made in italy , italian following roots " becomes emigrant " to export abroad the immaterial cultural heritage vesuviano, ensuring, thus, a future to italiannes in the world, through digital technology. it is a reminiscent "trip" into the past, in the rural life, but also a concrete path between the rediscovery of roots, training and technological innovation. visitors, through documentaries, film, photographic processes of traditional techniques, of customs and beliefs, will live extraordinary visual experiences: the effort of kneading bread by force of their arms; the joy of the harvest and winemaking, the artisan craftsmanship of copper, of wrought iron, the love for the mother who prepares the “corredo” to his daughter, future bride; the wonderful world of the ancient games, outside in the courtyard, the magic of the "evil eye", l’ "aura" of tammurriata, the dedicatio n and care in the practice of " tortano ", " pastiera " and " tammorra ", which can be also concrete opportunities for the development of crafts and culinary mastery in self employment for young people. copyright italian following roots   all reserved rights   privacy policy footnotes 1. dr. arq raúl monterroso – director centro cultural miguel ángel asturias – 24 calle 3 81 zona 1, guatemala, c.a. arq. giovanna maselli (italiana di 4° generazione) – coordinadora por usac   universidad de san carlos de guatemala, c.a. 2. verso un’identità complessa in “le nuove patrie”   fondazione paolo cresci – lucca 3. philip dinovo, italiano di 3° generazione e presidente della american italian heritage association and albany museum di new york, in “l’opinione”, 16 settembre 2015 4. paesi: somma vesuviana, sant’anastasia – madonna dell’arco, massa di somma, pollena trocchia – trocchia, cercola, volla, pomigliano d’arco 5. principali indirizzi scientifici di riferimento a.m. cirese, cultura egemonica e culture subalterne – cagliari 1971; idem oggetti, segni, musei   torino 1977 ; g.cocchiara, storia del folkrore in italia – palermo 1981; m.t. fontana, i musei della cultura materiale – roma 1984 6. c.romano “architettura vesuviana del ‘700. il rapporto artistico tra città e campagna” –  franco di mauro editore (1998) pag 30 31. 7. c. romano cit…pag 9. 8. c.romano “architettura vesuviana del ‘700 ……… cit. 9. oikonomia grazia picanza (a cura di), febbraio 2014 – fonte dipartimento delle nazioni unite per gli affari economici e sociali (un desa) – settembre 2013 cfr anche science – rivista scientifica statunitense, 29 marzo 2014 10. onu – new york – assemblea generale, 3 e 4 ottobre 2015 11. per referenza best practice v. allegato cv c.romano, pag 18 project team: carmela romano   (author of the project – cv http://www.eutropiaformazione.it/joomla/images/curriculum/cv%20dott.ssa%20carmela.pdf ) , legal representative and centro studi eu.tropia   ricerca formazione sviluppo director   (cv www.eutropiaformazione.it ) ordinary and special user   more than ten years experience in cultura heritage sector salvatore iorio   hr director at unilever italy holdings srl , accountable for hr management across southern europe (italy, spain, greece, portugal). more than 15 years experience in leadership development and training, talent acquisition and talent management. alfonso siano – teacher in università degli studi di salerno at dipartimento scienze politiche, sociali e della comunicazione, – more than ten years experience in cultural marketing e communication antonio iorio   dr. electrical engineer , contact person for fad platform and new technologies applied to ultural heritage, more that ten years of business experiences in ict and in education/training, ordinary and special user giovanni piccolo   dr. sociologist with thirty years experience in the field of folkloric and orientation training programs for youth, adults, seniors, ordinary and special user giovanni romano – teacher (italian and latin) – liceo scientifico “f. brunelleschi” , afragola (na) expert in the folkloric field. more than ten years experience in education/training, ordinary and special user business plan for the realization of the phases provided in the 1st years of activity as the amount of the crowdfunding campaign funds raised, they will be used for the following necessary expenses for the completion of the first and second phase during the first year: 1. operating and management expenses: hardware and operating assets costs, software, video editing, image editing programs, multimedial proiections, technological and cultural services   29.000 euros 2. realization project expenses (digitalization etc..): expeses for human resources , auxiliaries, and specialized experts in scientific research of dea heritage, new digital technologies, cultural communication, sociologist , film/documentaries director , actors as voiceover, photographer about popular culture, musician , experts in foreign languages, working period: one year   126.000 euros 3. extra expenses: trademark registrations   national and international copyright, costs for operating promotion, reward, commission retained by crowdfunding platform   52.000 euros total 207.000 euros risks and challenges the team has many years of experience in design, management and coordination of interventions of promotion of the area and of training in the cultural heritage sector, in which achieved a number of successful results. the creator of the project has specialist skills in the area of interest of the project, many decades of experience in the analysis of needs and she is fully aware about the needs and the complex supply, of large specialized and very laborious effort. progress of the project "italian following roots" the idea starts from an already existing and available material and the team is already working, in self financing on the development of the cultural product: materials/documentaries about the theme of first year of work have been selected. collaborations and basic networks have been identified. communication initiatives about the project have been launched. the project, however, is open to various forms of cooperation with entities (associations, academics, ...), from all over the world, who want to contribute to the enrichment and implementation of it. existing balance sheet:   document about immaterial and hostorical artistic heritage   northern side of vesuvio area: materials for research on field, photos, oral histories, transcripts, evidence through interviews, domestic and rural practices (culinary, craft, ....), rituals and beliefs, explanatory sheets, paper documents   88s  2002 voluntary co financing by centro studi eu.tropia ricerca formazione sviluppo: basic office and secretarial equipment, notebooks, multifunction printers, scanners, office furniture, projectors, libraries voluntary co financing by c. romano (author): free availability of the building for the activities, functional to the realization of “italian following roots”; laboratory support, property of the author, in pomigliano d'arco (na) organized in functional spaces to the project crowdfunding campaign for "italian following roots" the crowdfunding model used is reward based. your generosity gives a valuable contribution to the preservation and rediscovery of italian roots in the world. with the raised funds the first and second phases of the first year will be supported, as planned. upon successful completion of the amount of crowdfundig campaign, based on available economic resources, we will proceed to the digitization of other materials, such as the cultural photographic and paper ones for the subsequent phases. our goal is to complete all the paths in the shortest possible time. promoter insitution and project administrative manager: centro studi eu.tropia ricerca formazione sviluppo – non profit association recognition for those who will participate with a donation all donors participating in the fundraiser with even € 5.00 will receive a reward in relation to the contribution paid. centro studi eu.tropia will give a receipt/certification stating the amount donated, eventually valid for any tax deduction, to all donors who send personal data and tax code with the authorization to privacy information under the privacy act. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 