scriptionwhat we do: oliver & serrano is a uk based supplier of small batch premium extra virgin olive oil from spain. supporting local olive growers, we work in partnership with small scale family growers, including our own from all over spain to source some of the highest quality hand picked, hand pressed and hand bottled olive oils. oliver & serrano will be available at a selection of the uk's fine food stores, online through our website and eventually via our monthly subscription service. supporting our  Jimmy Fraud  will help launch our company and give you the opportunity to be the first to savour one of our exquisite olive oils, delivered directly to your home or place of work by christmas. if you love your food or are looking for a unique gift for a friend, member of family or work colleague, oliver & serrano is perfect. we hope you’ll try some. we promise it’s like nothing you’ve tried before and your taste buds will thank you for it. our mission: to support spain’s olive growing community by bringing the very best traditionally grown olive oil directly from the fields where it is picked and onto your table. about our olive oil: the chances are if you already use olive oil at home you’ll be buying it from your local supermarket, however when studies show that over 70% of the olive oil on the shelves in the uk doesn’t meet the required quality standard, how do you know what you’re buying is what it says on the label. the answer is you don’t! at oliver & serrano we promise to never mix our olive oil with cheaper varieties. so you know exactly what you’re getting, we test every batch as it goes into the bottle and hand write the classification, acidity and polyphenol levels directly onto the label by hand. because our olive oil is produced in small batches we’ll also never mix olive oil from one family’s estate with another so every single bottle can be traced back, not only to the region but to the exact field and the name of the family who produced it. we’ll tell you the variety of olives used, the harvest date and when it went into the bottle, plus the amount of litres produced in that batch. we’re yet to find a single supplier who gives you this level of transparency about what goes into the bottle so when we say we’re proud of our olive oil we really mean it. unlike a fine red wine, olive oil doesn’t get better with age, in fact time is the antithesis to that. olive oil needs to be eaten fresh, as close to the harvest date as possible and with only a single harvest a year, we take extra care to ensure it's done right. when it comes to harvesting, we always carry this out by hand in the same way it has been done for centuries, ensuring the fruit doesn’t get bruised and the trees don’t get damaged. we also harvest our fruit as early as possible after flowering, generally late october to early november because of the higher polyphenols and antioxidants that come from early harvest oils. the higher levels of polyphenols and antioxidants not only deliver key health benefits such as having a positive impact on cardiovascular health and certain forms of cancer, they also act as an anti inflammatory. another direct result of this and the peroxides that are created means the oil stays fresher for longer, lengthening the shelf life so to speak. our fruit is then pressed within 12 hours of being picked and at temperatures never higher than 25 degrees centigrade, using a unique combination of old stone crushing and modern machinery. this then goes into our specially prepared vats which are stored at cool temperatures, away from sunlight light and without exposure to oxygen. this keeps the olive oil out of harm’s way until the very last minute before it needs to go into the bottles, so when our hand bottled liquid gold arrives to you it is the very freshest it can be. our bottle and tin designs the families: for our first year’s harvest we’ll be partnering with 4 families, including a very limited supply of our own ‘serrano family reserva’. all of our olive oil is classified as premium extra virgin   the highest classification available worldwide. we’ve chosen these 4 families not only because of our longstanding relationship with them but mainly because of the exceptional level of olive oil they produce. each of the olive oils we’ll be offering have gone through rigorous testing, not only on the oil itself but also the production techniques used to grow the olives to ensure they meet our high standards. serrano – the serrano family, headed up by jose vicente serrano and muriel motais genet produce their olive oil in the region of valencia & castellon. the 'serrana' variety they grow is unique in that it is grown solely on the sierra de espadan and because this short crop variety only produces a harvest every two years, making it very exclusive. the oil has an ability to absorb the flavours of the plant environment in the area, so expect nuances of rosemary, thyme and lavender. it is packed full of intense flavour and boasts a beautiful dark green colour – a real treat for the taste buds. martinez – also a member of the serrano family, miguel and jose vicente are cousins. miguel’s oil is very special because of the age of his trees, some of them verging on a thousand years old. with only 1,200 trees of this age still left in the region of castellon they have become a rarity and are called 'millenarios'. the sensory profile corresponds to a green medium high intensity fruit with a good balance between spicy and sweet, while keeping the bitterness quite light. secondary aromas include freshly cut grass, with hints of green almonds and walnuts. rodriguez   jose ignacio and his family produce one of the rarest olive oils from the region of navarra in the north of spain, with less than 300 families producing this variety globally and only two of those producing more than 300 litres a year. the 'arroniz' variety is grown in the ebro river valley, protected from the humid winds by the surrounding mountains giving it a strong flavour of fresh green garden olives. expect to taste dried fruit, artichoke, olive leaves and notes of white almond in this bitter and peppery variety. diaz obregon – from extremaduras, the most easterly point of spain on the border with portugal, rosa's family produce their oil from the 'cornicabra' variety, which literally means 'goat's horn' given the long, slightly curved and asymmetrical shape of the fruit. maybe the fact it is grown on near vertical hills also adds to the name as goats roam freely on these lands. it has a golden color with greenish tones and a fruity flavor and texture similar to tropical fruits. the pungent, peppery and bitter taste this oil is great for fresh salads and fish as the flavour remains on the palette. molina – joe luis' farm is only moments away from the serrano farm but instead of growing 'serrana' he grows 'arbequina', a variety that was rediscovered in a small town called arbequa less than a century ago. it is notoriously hard to pick so it makes hand picking a must. given we harvest this oil in late october it retains a rich emerald green colour   quite the looker. the initial flavour is nutty sweet, reminiscent of melon and almond, but with a surprisingly peppery accent and a mellow fruity after taste. supporting spain’s olive growing community: spain has been producing olive oil for over 5,000 years and after bringing the first seedlings to spain so many years ago, the romans very quickly regarded spain’s olive oil the best in the world. later, the arabs further perfected olive oil production techniques so much so that spain has now become the world’s major producer and exporter of olive oil with almost half of the world’s supply coming from their shores. unfortunately, spain’s olive oil is still relatively unknown to the world though, since almost all of its supply is sold by bulk and packaged outside of the country, the majority of it being relabeled as either greek or italian. tut tut. in recent years however, farmers who traditionally sold their olive oil to the big brands have been under more pressure than ever and have been suffering as a result of high demands and shrinking margins offered by the big buyers. as oil prices have risen worldwide the knock on has unfortunately not reached the farmers, staying in the pockets of the companies who export and re brand the oil. oliver & serrano wants to make a change by supporting spain’s small scale olive growing families, especially those who produce the best quality olive oils by making them the heroes, placing their names on the bottles and making them available to the world. the end result being to increase considerably the knowledge and admiration for spanish olive oil as an exceptional product and make sure the farmers get paid the right price for their hard work. what next: over the next few weeks we'll be introducing you to the families we'll be working with for our first harvest, we'll be spending some time with top local chefs and uploading videos, recipes & images of the dishes we make with them and taking you to our family farm to show you how the harvest is carried out. once the project is complete, if we're successful we'll keep you informed every step of the way of getting our olive oil from the mill in spain all the way to you. here’s what chefs are saying about oliver & serrano: ollie templeton, owner of carousel london, said "we absolutely love oliver & serrano, the concept is spot on, supporting small olive oil farmers who take the time to make the best possible product, and it shows, the olive oil is delicious and authentic, can't wait until the official launch" anthon miers, owner of ruca bar, said “as a gourmet tapas bar inspired by the flavours of santiago, produce of the highest quality is intrinsic to our menu. olive oil is one of our key ingredients and something we take great care in sourcing. oliver & serrano’s business ethics and quality olive oil are a breath of fresh air. we wish them the best of luck in their new venture and look forward to working with them in the future” becoming a distributor: would you like to become an oliver & serrano distributor and make our authentic family grown premium extra virgin olive oil available to your clientele? please get in touch at the below address as we'd love to talk to you. info@oliverandserrano.com credits: a special thank you to dom, max and linda who helped us get our photos, video and props together and to nicky for letting us use his flat. below are their details if you would like to get in touch for future jobs. photography: dominic hatcher – dmh@dominichatcher.com / www.dominichatcher.com video: max presky – maxpresky@gmail.com / www.maxpresky.com props styling: linda berlin   www.lindaberlin.se music: boom baptist   el matador   the lost files volime 4 risks and challenges producing extra virgin olive oil is without doubt a challenging process. that being said, the serrano family, along with our family partners have been producing olive oil for many generations and are well versed with all of the setbacks mother nature can throw at us. rest assured we will do absolutely everything in our power to make sure our olive oil makes it to your home or place of work in time for christmas. production volume   one of the main risks when dealing with independent growers tends to be the possibility of production levels falling short due to a bad harvest. to eliminate this risk we’ve teamed up with families who can guarantee a minimum level of production based on historical data. we’re not expecting to sell a million litres in our first year but we do want to ensure we don’t run out of oil before the next harvest. should we ever run short though, we have great relationships with many other neighbouring olive oil growers who would be more than happy to get involved so will confirm all of our families once the fruit has been harvested. logistics   shipment delays due to adverse weather conditions are always a risk however to eliminate the risk of the olive oil itself being delivered late, we have pre booked our delivery from spain to london for the last week of november. our packaging is the one element we don’t have full control over as it is produced by a third party supplier however all of the necessary lead times have been adhered to in order to ensure it arrives by late october. packaging volume – oliver & serrano is currently only a small team. if initial orders far exceed our initial predictions it may be possible that orders get backlogged and as a result some may not arrive in time for christmas. our farm in spain can house up to 50,000 litres in a temperature controlled environment and our uk base can currently handle up to 2,500 litres of stock distribution per month, so this is very unlikely in the first year. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 