escriptionour mission the schiller academy is a multimedia platform that strives for the betterment of lives around the world through the pursuit of worldly and practical education. the academy has been created with the hope of being an all in one life improvement resource for people of all ages in order to help them lead happier, healthier, and more fulfilling lives. whether one wishes to learn vital organizational skills for school, to improve their physical health, to grow into a more confident version of themselves, or to become more knowledgeable about the world around them, schiller academy aims to meet all of these needs and many, many more. our organization was founded upon the belief that improving the quality of life for others is one of the noblest endeavors in all of humankind. we believe that in order to do this as effectively and efficiently as possible, those who are trying to impact change should themselves be as healthy and fulfilled as possible. the schiller academy operates in tandem with the notion that the dedication to the improvement of oneself in all areas of life has a transformative effect that diffuses outward to those around you. for this reason, we strongly believe that those that partake in self improvement through the schiller academy will be equipped and motivated to spread positive change to those around them. of course, for this to have the greatest effect possible, we need to be able to spread our message and content to as many people as possible; and for that, we need your help. our content we believe that you will best understand our mission and the scope of what we wish to do by visiting our main site, schilleracademy.com. the schiller academy includes content from four central areas of life: world news, self improvement/mental health, academia, and physical health/fitness. not only do we wish to serve as an invaluable resource for these subjects, but also as a community for individuals who are inspired to improve their own lives and the lives of those around them. below we have listed the importance and content of each of the four sections of our platform to give you a better understanding of our material. world news we believe that being informed about the latest world news is vital. keeping up to date with the news and understanding the implications of what you’re reading is essential for awareness of the main issues that the world is facing today. at schiller academy, we are set on providing you with the most relevant and engaging news, and presenting it in an objective and unbiased manner. we wish to provide a far better alternative to biased and agenda driven news organizations that are all too common in today’s world. not only this, but we also provide contextual background information for all of our news pieces. news organizations typically just present the latest news, but lack an understanding of the implications and history behind the events. finally, we have a separate section on our site for opinion pieces written by our contributors about the latest and most important social issues. we believe that reading the opinions of others contributes to an enhanced understanding of the subject and helps to further develop your own perspective on the issue at hand. self improvement/mental health at schiller academy we cover two primary elements of self improvement: interpersonal relations, and mental health. interpersonal relations are fundamental in today’s society. any process that involves two or more people is dependent upon effective communication and good relations between those people. naturally, then, these are some of the most sought after self help topics in the world. whether you want to learn how to deal with people more confidently, improve your professional and familial relationships, communicate more effectively, and/or become more influential, respected, charismatic, and likeable, this section of our site has all that is needed to ensure that one becomes a master of human relations and does it with sincerity. much to the dismay of millions of people worldwide, the topic of mental health has remained relatively taboo until very recently. the term ‘mental health’ is often perceived as being restricted to serious mental illnesses such as schizophrenia, psychosis, and bipolar disorder. in reality, mental health encompasses everything from the most serious disorders to more common ailments such as stress, anxiety, lethargy, and depression. everyone deals with mental health, and everyone’s mental health can be improved. your mental health affects your happiness, motivation, confidence, and any mental state you find yourself in. this section of our site seeks to open the discussion surrounding mental health and also improve our readers’ mental state through finding sustainable happiness, dealing with and eliminating unnecessary stress/anxiety, and coping with negative emotions, among other things. academia we believe that the study of academic subjects is paramount to a truly fulfilling and complete life. not only are those who are well educated deeply respected by others, but they are also more confident and sophisticated within themselves. the importance of education is pre eminently evident in today’s society. fourteen years of education is the standard in most countries, and a subsequent four year degree is often highly recommended. despite this, many students graduate from high school or college/university wondering exactly how what they have learned will help them in real life. while there is no substitute for practical, experience based training for the job market, a strong foundation in academic subjects helps immensely in ways that often go unnoticed. we hope to help build this foundation for students and intellectually curious individuals of all ages. paraphrased from his work titled nicomachean ethics , the great greek philosopher aristotle once noted that what puts a species apart from other species is its purpose, which is based upon whatever quality it has that is unique to it. humans, for instance, have an unmatched intellect and emotional awareness relative to any other life forms on earth. our purpose, therefore, is to engage in intellectual pursuits and strive towards happiness. the study of academic subjects not only makes us more aware of the world around us, but also serves as a foundation which often unknowingly serves as the basis for the decisions we make. in other words, when we are more informed and well versed in a given subject, our decisions will be made on an informed basis, often without even actively considering it. this is very evident in any professional setting; those with more experience and knowledge about the job typically make the most important decisions and tend to make very good ones, much to the amazement of newer workers. this same concept holds true for everyday life. those who have a solid understanding of academic subjects such as history, human geography, philosophy, and politics are typically able to navigate through life in a more fulfilling and informed manner. at present, we cover these four aforementioned academic subjects at the schiller academy, but hope to expand in the future with your help. physical health & fitness the importance of physical health and fitness to your quality of life cannot be overstated. your level of health and fitness directly corresponds to your happiness, confidence, worldview, and almost every other aspect of life imaginable. there is a notable correlation between physical health and mental health; the two are mutually dependent upon one another. while the health problems in the underdeveloped world are self evident, those in the developed world are a little more subtle. despite having access to seemingly unlimited healthy foods and resources (books, gyms, doctors, etc.) for maintaining our physical health, we are plagued by issues of obesity, heart disease, addiction, and other illnesses. here at the schiller academy, we wish to make the best and most relevant health and fitness resources immediately available to everyone. we want to make our readers aware of how easy it can be to maintain their health and fitness using knowledge and practices that is suited for those with busy lifestyles. this section of our site includes three central subsections, namely: fitness, nutrition, and vitamins & supplements. our physical health section includes numerous types of content such as workout ideas, meal plans, vitamin profiles, and other tips that will demonstrate how easy and motivating it can be to live a healthy lifestyle. why  Jimmy Fraud ? we have set a goal of $5000 for our first  Jimmy Fraud  campaign. if our goal is reached, this money will primarily be used for three purposes. the first is for marketing, in order to reach as many people as we can with our content. we firmly believe in our cause and that with the right funds we can use marketing tools to positively influence the lives of thousands of people; but advertising is quite costly. secondly, we need to have funds in order to pay additional contributors to our site. right now our platform covers many important subjects, but we wish to expand to cover more important areas, and for this we need to ensure that we have writers who are experts in those subjects. finally, we are in the process of starting our youtube channel, and need funds in order to pay for the proper equipment and video editing programs to create quality educational video content to compliment and expand upon our written content. if we can reach our goal, it will help us immensely in affecting positive change; every donation counts, and every donation is appreciated beyond measure. how you can find us our website: www.schilleracademy.com contact us: theschilleracademy@gmail.com follow us on twitter: @schilleracademy find us on instagram: @schilleracademy like us on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/schilleracademy/ risks and challenges the risks and challenges with completing this project are very minimal. we have already developed our site and a substantial amount of content ahead of time, so everything is organized and ready to go. our main challenge is reaching our funding goal so that we can reach as wide of an audience as possible, establish a community in support of our aims, hire more contributors and writers, and purchase the proper equipment for the purpose of creating our video content. you can rest assured that your donation will be put toward furthering the potential and scope of a project with a solid foundation and attainable goals. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 