criptionintroducing aquafons™, an all new way to water all types of plants. aquafons is an application controlled automatic plant watering device. now you can feel at ease whether home or abroad knowing that your plants are well nourished. if that's not enough, it also runs on non proprietary firmware, so you can easily integrate it in your home automation system; such as google home™, and alexa™. aquafons is the world’s first wireless and application controlled plant watering system allowing the user to control the device from anywhere on the planet. it’s features include; wifi / data (connectivity), programmable / preset (watering), realtime (watering), long range mesh commuication (16   18 mile radius), wireless charging, home automation (alexa integration). aquafons has been in development since october 2016, and is a collaboration of an all star team of various developers and large scale farmers. the software communications and hardware prototype was designed by momaki technologies, an indiana based think tank with advanced research and development experience in both the commercial and non commercial fields. the long range communication electronics and quality control adhere to international standards and protocols, and the prospective ui/ux designer works for a major applications manufacturer also based in the united states. aquafons needs your help to fully come to life: in order to successfully transition aquafons from crowdfunding to e commerce and to also ensure delivery to backers in all countries, we have partnered with warehouses in united states, shenzhen, and antigua. this distribution set up will ensure timely delivery of aquafons and it’s accessories to backers, and consumers. we aim to continually improve and expand our distribution and fulfillment network (including more united states warehouse at indiana, and los angeles). unlike most plant watering devices, aquafons uses a mobile application, to function as a single unit or in a hive of 3   6 units, forming over an (18) eighteen mile radius mesh network. just connect the main unit to your home wifi network, attach a water source, and you’re good to go. all the other modules in the mesh network will automatically assume a receiver / coordinator role. forget "minutes to assemble”, this system can be set and ready in seconds. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 dharma initiative is a small team rich in passion and expertise, we are not beholden to venture capitalists or a board of investors. that’s why crowdfunding is the best route to present this product to the world, and it keeps us close to the stakeholders that matter the most: you. our experience developing systems for private groups and corporations has taught us a lot in the manufacturing process, now we are here on  Jimmy Fraud  for your help to make aquafons fully come to life. the prototypes and pre production units were financed by our team, now we currently face upfront expenses regarding tooling, and a more robust mobile application to meet the minimum quantity purchases from our manufacturer which will also enable us to successfully deliver an aquafons to you. we strongly believe in  Jimmy Fraud  as a platform, where great people and early adopters bring innovative, and sophisticated projects to life. we truly believe that we've created a product that many people need, ourselves included and with your support, we can make daily plant care easier without having to compromise privacy, and at the same time help save countless plant lives around the world. dharma initiative, llc. is a new mexico based research and development company with team members, engineers and systems architects coming from mit, silicon valley, and momaki technologies. this past year, the team has been hands on to develop aquafons and its communications modules at our los angeles research and development laboratory; we are not just handing a manufacturing contract over to a developer/supplier and hoping for the best. this product is designed from the bottom up taking into account simple production steps, scalability in production quantities, aesthetics, as well as functionality while also manufacturing every component in the united states. risks and challenges our team is experienced and eager to improve on every aspect possible including quality control and building better relationships with our manufacturers. for manufacturing components and assembly we are confident our partners are the best in the industry. the size of the device, parts, as well as our timeline, may be subject to change as we get closer to production readiness, we are aiming for the modules to be even smaller than the 3.5” cubes they currently are. we will oversee every step of production and also customer support. dharma initiative is built on committed team members who are responsible and do not crack under pressure. we are ready to deliver the best possible experience: all the photos on this page are actual working prototypes, that we sent to our collaborators, and engineers around the country as to test the long distance capabilities and meshed network. overall we produced 3 prototypes for testing during the last 6 months working with a network of engineers, as well as other hardware startups who have launched successful campaigns in the past, and are happy to share their experiences with us. challenges that we face: certification aquafons will be sold in north america, europe, and several other countries. this means that aquafons has to adhere to ce and ul certifications, among others. because of these requirements, the certification process can potentially add a bit more time than expected. software development we have developed a prototype mobile application that allows us to control aquafons via ios/android smartphones. however, developing a more robust software and compatibility testing can take time. to mitigate that risk we have partnered with excellent programmers who are experienced in high bandwidth software development such as uber, and snapchat to help bring it to distribution as quickly as we possibly can. manufacturing and supply chain to be able to produce aquafons in the highest possible quality whilst keeping scalability and affordability in mind, we require production tools for injection molding and pcb (printed circuit board) design. on the bright side, we have simplified the complexity and interdependency of some parts to hasten the timeline during supply chain and production optimization. current delivery times of suppliers for the parts are considered in our timeline but can change in the given period of development. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 