nbrave bear farm is our new homestead farm in western montana. our passion is small scale, sustainable farming, and our homestead will produce and distribute mixed vegetables, fruits, flowers, herbs, eggs, and mohair fiber from our goats. my name is lindsay, and my husband jeremiah is my equal in creating brave bear farm. i'm the loud extrovert, and jeremiah is the thoughtful introvert, so i'll be telling you about our project. we are married and have a young daughter, and our goal is to develop a sustainable business that helps strengthen our community by contributing to its environmental, social, and economic vitality. jeremiah and lindsay erecting a trellis for the peas at the columbia falls community garden, march 2012 2016 will be our ninth season of growing produce, and our first year at our new site. our family has been living the farm life for several years now, and after learning as much as possible from our studies and our work on organic farms, we are ready to start a farm of our own. our combined previous experience includes: eight years of gardening and farming intern work at the university of montana peas farm, an educational community farm program located in missoula, mt assisting with the development and construction of the columbia falls community garden, a nonprofit program now in its sixth year of operation in our hometown of columbia falls, mt work on a small scale organic salad mix farm specializing in farmer’s market and wholesale marketing (hey bayles! farm in lorane, or) work on a biodynamic vegetable and cattle farm specializing in community supported agriculture, fresh market sales, and value added products such as pesto and jam (winter green farm in noti, or) jeremiah and his colleagues harvesting leeks at winter green farm in noti, oregon, 2015 why farming? of all the career paths we could have taken, and of all the things we could do to make the world a better place, we chose small scale sustainable farming for several reasons. we care about the future of the planet. our work and educational backgrounds raised our awareness about climate change and other environmental issues to the point that we didn't feel right doing nothing about it. so we put on some boots and went out to help make the local food movement a greater success. farming has given us a powerful tool to reconnect people with their food. the average meal travels 1,500 miles before reaching the consumer. not only does this waste huge amounts of fossil fuels, it also disrupts an important connection between people and their food. we care about the health and well being of our community. the environmental problems threatening the planet have serious implications on human life. people depend on this beautiful blue green sphere to live. if we want our species, our societies, and our children to thrive, we must care for the planet. we must also understand what goes into our bodies and the land on which we depend. our farm is committed to sustainability on many levels, and that includes growing produce without chemical pesticides, synthetic fertilizers, or genetically modified ingredients. the side effects of these inputs are detrimental to environmental, human, and animal health, and our farm will help displace products that are made with these harmful practices. we care about the local economy. it's no secret that when communities have resilient, profitable businesses, the local economy benefits. montana, just like many other states, needs more thriving local business, not more imported products that generate profit for companies based out of state. small businesses contribute to economic growth of their communities in ways that large corporations simply aren't designed to do. we want to keep money in our community so it can benefit the people who make our home state an amazing place to live. our business is designed with a triple bottom line in mind, emphasizing the well being of the planet, people, and profits our business needs to thrive. locally produced food, flowers, and fibers are in high demand consumers are hungry for products that are made responsibly and ethically, and the market reflects that demand. organic goods comprise the fastest growing market in agriculture, bringing in a whopping $39.1 billion in 2014. stevensville and the surrounding areas are not exempt from this demand. both existing and new businesses are taking advantage of what was once a niche market, but is now commonly requested in urban and rural areas alike. the farmer's market in nearby hamilton is growing every year, and budding businesses like flavorful and wildwood brewing of stevensville are evidence of a growing need for sustainable produce in our area. lindsay's fresh flowers for sale alongside organic salad mix at the hey bayles! farm booth in eugene, or, july 2015 we also plan to direct market our products through community supported agriculture (csa) shares. this form of marketing has proved to be another growing market , with millions of people seeking a way to connect with their food and get to know the people who produce it. to keep up with growing demand, the supply of csa shares must be met by new farms like ours. our growing practices and accountability we will always be honest about our growing practices. while our farm will not be certified organic, at least in its early years, we plan to exceed the expectations our customers have for sustainable products. as mentioned earlier, this means: no chemical pesticides no synthetic fertilizers no genetically engineered inputs we also want to do as much as possible to minimize our reliance on fossil fuels, minimize external inputs needed to produce our goods, and pay our future employees a living wage. we plan to join the montana sustainable growers union , also known as montana homegrown, as part of our effort to instill consumer confidence in our brand. how your contributions will be used we are asking you to back our project today because we want to avoid taking out a business loan at this time. a farm that starts out in debt is less likely to be profitable or successful. with sufficient funds to cover our first year startup expenses, we can focus on building the farm's infrastructure, growing our produce, and evaluating our business plan in action. we think this is the most practical way to make a successful farm. we plan to start small, and grow from there. although we already have many supplies from previous years of gardening, we need to gather some equipment for this specific site and project, including: a farm truck to transport our products and equipment an 8 foot fence to protect our harvest from deer soil building materials for our permanent, low till garden beds storage equipment for our produce, including a small refrigeration unit a small greenhouse to extend the growing season hand tools for tilling and weeding a business license to operate in the state of montana first year startup expenses as part of our effort to grow our business at a manageable pace, we have spread out some of our startup expenses over the first few years of our farm's operation. we're waiting to get our farm animals (and the equipment we need to care for them) until we have generated enough profit to add them to our budget. this will likely take place in mid 2016 or early 2017. the chart below shows how your contributions will be allocated for our first year startup equipment. a breakdown of our first year startup expenses. many of our expenses are already offset by the equipment we have gathered over our years of farming. project timeline our project is already underway and in its early stages. we have seeded our onions next to the south facing window in our house  this is the first round of many seedings to come. these early months will be filled with preparation for a short but bountiful season, during which we will produce 20 csa shares, participate in the hamilton farmer's market, distribute a small amount of produce to local restaurants, and sell flowers for weddings and special events. during the summer and fall, we will utilize our habits of making value added products from our gardens, giving us an additional source of revenue. jeremiah's handcrafted calendula salve is one of the value added products we will offer. the second year will be the year of the animals  next spring we will add chickens and angora goats to our operation using the profits generated from our produce sales in 2016. if the balance of our budget allows, we will begin construction of the animal shelters later this year rather than early next year. economic viability in 2016 and onward the majority of the farm's annual income will come from csa shares, farmer's market sales, and wholesale distribution to a few local restaurants. in our first year, we will offer 20 csa shares at $500 each (totaling $10,000). we estimate our farmer's market and restaurant sales will generate $5,000. this is an anticipated income of $15,000 for 2016. we expect our annual equipment expenses, fees, and taxes to amount to $5,000 in 2016. this is a net profit of $10,000 for our business in its first year of operation. to be safe, we have tried to underestimate our income and overestimate our expenses. we are confident that with diligent evaluation of our market and our growing methods, we can exceed this target. our annual budget includes a low estimate of our income and a high estimate of our expenses. payments for our csa shares will be collected at the beginning of the season, allowing us to cover most of our annual expenses early on. a net profit of $10,000 may not sound like much for an annual income, but there some things to keep in mind when evaluating our budget. many small businesses take several years before they are able to turn a profit, and we have a solid plan in place to make a profit from our business starting from year one. farming is also a seasonal business in montana, and this profit of $10,000 represents earnings over 8 months out of the year. our farm will require fewer inputs as we move toward a closed loop system that produces as many of its own inputs as possible. our animals will provide fertilizer, and we will grow a portion of our animals' feed, for example. we also understand the financial risks of operating a small business, and until we are certain that our farm alone can supply sufficient and steady income to meet our family's needs, jeremiah and i both have second jobs to ensure our family's economic independence. our work in the news: meet your farmer  a profile on jeremiah and his work at winter green farm: https://wintergreenfarmblog.com/2015/07/21/csa 2015 week 7/ a tour of the columbia falls community garden with montana public radio (you'll recognize me by my maiden name in this article, lindsay becker). jeremiah is not mentioned here, but he contributed a great deal of work to the construction of the garden. https://mtprnews.wordpress.com/2012/03/27/columbia falls community garden ready for spring/ sharing our knowledge on home composting: http://www.flatheadevents.net/07/14/2011/basic home composting/ this campaign is also on kicking it forward, a community based crowd funding promotion site. sharing the love! http://kickingitforward.org please contribute and share thank you so much for taking the time to consider our project. if you know us, you are aware of our level of passion and our ability to make our project a success. if you do not know us personally, i hope our story has inspired you to support our cause and share it with your friends. thank you! our daughter lua enjoying a fresh apple at the farm where lindsay worked from 2012 2015 special thanks to those who have helped us create our project and our campaign: rachel of jeremiah and rachel photography , katie lynne kitchens, josh slotnick of clark fork organics , and our loving family and friends for all their love and support. we couldn't do this without you! risks and challenges market demand and competition. one of the biggest challenges a new farm faces is assessing the demands of the local agricultural market and competing with existing farms. our plan to start small is heavily influenced by the challenges we will face as farmers. it will allow us to meet the needs of our csa customers with confidence. it will give us flexibility to change our areas of focus in future years based on what we learn in our early years. we have done research on the market gaps that need to be filled, and will continue to evaluate the changing needs of the local agricultural market. the farmers we already know in the area have given us some early insight as to which areas are saturated, and where there is room for growth. for example, we have chosen to join the growing hamilton farmer's market over the farmer's markets in missoula, as there is a greater need for new farm products in ravalli county (rather than missoula county). short growing season. farming in montana also presents the obvious limitation of cold weather, and a very short growing season. four of our eight years of farming and gardening occurred in montana, and we are familiar with a variety of methods to extend the growing season, including early greenhouse planting and the use of floating row covers to keep crops warm. our planting schedule is also modeled off a method described by jean martin fortier, a farmer and author who lives in quebec. his method involves keeping as many beds occupied as possible. when one crop is harvested, a new crop is ready to be transplanted in its place the very same week. this method is combined with the use of mulches and green manures to keep the soil healthy and constantly at work. the approach allows maximum use of a small space in a short growing season. meeting our production goals. we also want to make sure we can fulfill our promises to our csa customers, so our shares have been designed conservatively. we will offer 20 csa shares in our first year, with 18 weeks of produce offered in 2016. our diversity of crops will enable us to meet those estimates should any of them under perform. we have also carefully planned out the use of our garden space to ensure we can produce the quantities we commit to grow. marketing without organic certification. our decision not to become a certified organic farm also presents a unique risk  today, many farmer's market and csa consumers rely on the organic certification system to determine the trustworthiness and safety of their food sources. for this reason, we wish to deal face to face with our customers as much as possible. our commitment to sustainable agriculture is evident in our growing methods, and we will always be honest with our customers about those practices. joining the montana sustainable growers union will also provide an alternative form of certification as sustainable farmers, not to mention a valuable resource to connect with other farmers who share the same values. we look forward to talking to our csa and farmer's market customers every week, and allowing them to visit brave bear farm so they can get to know where their food originates. please contact us if you have any other questions  we love talking about farming, so fire away! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 