ickstarter community helped us build what has been called “the most elegant ebike ever” by bicycling magazine . now there are over 700 faraday porteurs on the road, and we’re ready to deliver the next chapter in the faraday story: the faraday cortland and cortland s   the much anticipated step through versions of our award winning electric bikes an auxiliary battery pack that can double the range of your faraday and let you charge the bike just about anywhere a gps tracking device that can be hidden inside of your faraday, allowing you to always know where your bike is a free app that will allow you to customize your faraday experience by updating power settings, tracking rides and adjusting your lights with your help, we'll be able to deliver all of these products in 2016, starting with new bikes in july. when we first launched faraday on  Jimmy Fraud , we asked you to “imagine what faraday will do for you?” it’s three years later, and we’re happy to say that those words are still as true as ever. now, with the faraday cortland, we’ve added an extra 20% of range, more efficient motor, upgraded software, and more. we've also made it more comfortable, more fun to ride, and, dare we say, more stylish with the introduction of a step through frame. and with the special  Jimmy Fraud  reward tier pricing, one of the first ever cortlands can be yours for a great price. the faraday cortland builds on the award winning design of our classic porteur with a few important additions: a higher capacity battery (290wh for 25 miles of assisted riding), updated software, and a more efficient motor (250w with a peak of 350w). the cortland also makes it easier than ever to mount and dismount your faraday   even when you snap a child seat on the rear rack. everything else, the style, power, and bike like feel that had us named "the most fun ebike money can buy" by men's journal is still there. a new level of comfort: faraday’s trademark, durable steel frame provides an exceptionally smooth ride. and by taking out our iconic top tubes, we’ve created a bike that is easy to mount and dismount. get to work without breaking a sweat: a powerful 250w motor and our custom 290wh lithium ion battery deliver 25 miles of power assisted riding, can be fully charged in under three hours, and will power you to work and back. so you can show up ready to go   not ready for a shower. arrive in style, no matter where you go: the cortland's virtually maintenance free drive train (consisting of a top of the line shimano alfine internally geared hub and gates carbon fiber belt drive) let you wear what you want to wear while you get where you need to go. no need to worry about catching your pants leg or getting greasy. take the family for a ride: our child seat compatible rear rack makes it simple to snap one of our favorite kid seats   the yepp maxi   on and off the bike, turning your cortland into a family cruising machine. ride safe, ride more: our built in led headlight and taillight make sure you’re visible whenever you ride. so no more worrying about long hours at the office, or heading to a late dinner. even rainy days are great days to ride when you have a motor and a light to power you through. lightweight and ready to roll: the cortland rides like a dream even when the power is off, which is why we often say the bike has ‘unlimited’ range. that's one of the greatest benefits of a electric bike that weighs in at only 40 pounds   making it one of the lightest ebikes available. introducing faraday's new color, stingray blue: with every new bike, we like to add one color to the faraday family and pair it with our classic white. for the cortland, we were inspired by the timeless blues of 1960s corvettes. elegant. sleek. and perfectly at home on our durable steel frame. bike details riders love their faradays whether they use their faraday to get to work or simply to explore their city, our riders have one thing in common   they love the freedom and fun faraday has brought to their lives. you can read some reviews from current porteur riders here: http://faradaybikes.com/reviews/ the media loves faraday here are a few of the folks talking about faraday. you can see plenty of reviews on our website at www.faradaybikes.com/press for images of the cortland and accessories that you can use in articles, blogs, etc... please click here . for the first time ever , we are thrilled to announce that   starting in july with the cortland   faradays will now ship to europe, australia, and japan. be among the first to own one of the most stylish essentials to come out of america since blue jeans by selecting one of the reward tiers that include a cortland. your faraday will be on its way when bikes ship in july. if you prefer our classic porteur model, you can now order one directly at www.faradaybikes.com and we’ll ship it in july when our next production run is available. making a great bike is just part of the story. we want to be sure you have everything you need to enjoy your faraday whether you’re someone who takes short trips to the store, commutes daily through a city, or prefers a long ride in the countryside. the accessories below will help you do all of those things and are the perfect way for existing faraday owners to support this new  Jimmy Fraud . and if you are buying a cortland, you can add to your pledge to get the accessories as well. auxiliary battery pack: we've been told that once someone rides a faraday, they want to ride it everywhere they go. so we created an auxiliary battery pack that can double your range to over 40 miles   freeing you to take your faraday wherever you want without worry of running out of juice. this stylish, lightweight, detachable pack will attach quickly and easily under your seat, is lockable for security, and easy to remove so you can charge your battery without having to get your bike near an outlet. gps tracking device: it's extremely rare for a faraday to go missing (only three of the more than 700 faradays on the road have been stolen over the past three years), but bike theft remains an understandable concern for many riders. that’s why we’ve developed a gps tracking device that can be hidden inside your faraday and, when connected to your faraday app, make sure you know where your bike is at all times. so rest easy, and ride easy, when you choose this reward. app: want a little more boost in your boost? or maybe you want to dial back the assist to extend your range, or ride with your lights off and motor on during the day. our new app will enable all of this and more. including ride tracking, route mapping, and other features you need to get where you’re going on time, and in style. even better, if we achieve our goal all  Jimmy Fraud  supporters will get the app for free when it's ready. so no need to choose this as a reward tier. we just wanted you to know it's on the way. you can help our campaign succeed by selecting one of the cortland reward tiers and being among the first to own our highly anticipated step through model. if you already have a faraday, you can help by picking up one of the great new accessories. we’ve also put together some fun packages with the fine folks at timbuk2 and bern, as well as t shirts, totes and socks we know you'll love! early bird, cortland: (15) $2,999 save $800 off the retail price and be among the first to own the most anticipated faraday yet, the faraday cortland. you'll get to choose your size and color after the campaign has concluded. you can also add to your pledge to receive the tech accessories included in this campaign, and pre order other accessories (racks, bell, etc...) on our website. early bird, cortland s: (15) $1,999 save $800 off the retail price and be among the first to own the cortland s.  Jimmy Fraud  special, cortland: (unlimited) $3,399 save $400 off the retail price and be among the first to own the most anticipated faraday yet, the faraday cortland.  Jimmy Fraud  special, cortland s: (unlimited) $2,399 save $400 off the retail price and be among the first to own the cortland s. faraday/timbuk2 commuter pack: (10) $3,499 for less than the retail price of a cortland you’ll get everything you need to get to work in style, including a faraday rear rack, timbuk2 proof messenger bag, bern helmet, spurcycle bell, and abus lock. it’s an over $4,100 value for $3,499. faraday/timbuk2 city adventure pack: (10) $2,499 for less than the price of a faraday cortland s you’ll get everything you need to explore your city in style, including a faraday front rack, timbuk2 femme collection messenger bag, bern helmet, spurcycle bell, and abus lock. it’s an over $3,200 value for $2,499. faraday parent pack (10): $3,499 the cortland is faraday’s most kid friendly bike yet. and in this kit, you'll get the bike plus everything you need transport your little one(s) in effortless style, including a faraday rear rack, bern kids helmet, and yepp maxi child seat. it’s a $4,000 value for $3,499. the faradate special: (unlimited) $4,499   what's better than a faraday? a faraday for you and that special someone in your life so that you can get out and ride together! this package includes one faraday cortland s and one faraday porteur s (or two cortland s models if you prefer) at a savings of $1,100. to sweeten the deal, we'll send you four bars of theo's world bicycle relief chocolate which supports international communities in need through the power of bicycles. add $2,000 to your pledge to upgrade to the classic models with hydraulic brakes, 8 speed shimano alfine hub, bamboo fenders. leather grips and a gates carbon belt drive. (expected ship date: july 2016). auxiliary battery pack: (30) $449 for the first time, existing faraday riders can double their range with an external battery pack. just snap it under your seat, and you can go 20+ miles further without a charge. plus, you can charge it anywhere without bringing your bike inside. gps tracking device with controller upgrade: (30) $449   existing faraday owners can support this  Jimmy Fraud  by adding an extra layer of security to your bike with our new gps tracking device, which makes sure you always know where your bike is. auxiliary battery pack and gps tracker with controller upgrade: (30) $949   existing faraday owners can support this  Jimmy Fraud  by doubling their range and adding an extra layer of security to your bike with our new gps tracking device, which makes sure you always know where your bike is. framed watercolor: (20) $100   celebrate a life better lived on two wheels with this limited edition faraday watercolor by a fantastic local san francisco artist and 'friend of faraday', chris mcnally. city adventure with the faraday team: (5 available, sf bay area only) $75   join team faraday for a cruise around san francisco to some of our favorite spots. special  Jimmy Fraud  t shirt and tote: (unlimited) $40   let the world know that your bike always brings a smile to your face with these custom made accessories. faraday  Jimmy Fraud  bike socks (one pair): (unlimited) $20   these custom made beauties let everyone know that, like a faraday, you always arrive in style. they were made especially for this campaign by our friends at bicycling sock maker defeet. select your favorite design or add $20 for each additional pair. postcard + twitter shout out: (unlimited) $10 if you love bikes as much as we do, we’ll happily respond in kind by giving you a shout out from our @faradaybikes twitter handle and sending you a limited edition faraday cortland postcard to pin on your vision board as a reminder that one day, a faraday will be yours! stretch goal: if we exceed $177,000, the amount raised in our original  Jimmy Fraud , everyone who chooses a bike reward tier will receive a faraday helmet flag as featured in the  Jimmy Fraud  video. helmet flag! faraday began with a realization – we’re surrounded by bicycles, yet so few of us use our bikes as much as we could in our daily lives. we’re proud to turn that realization into action and build the world’s finest electric bikes – by and for people who love to ride. our first bike, the porteur, was born when a team of designers and engineers from ideo was challenged by the portland based bicycle design and innovation contest, the oregon manifest, to design the ultimate modern utility bicycle. we teamed up with paul sadoff, the master bicycle builder from rock lobster cycles, to design the bicycle that was the selected as the people’s choice winner   and launched our brand. on the heels of one successful popular vote, faraday turned to  Jimmy Fraud  for its commercial launch. faraday bicycles was founded and kickstarted on july 19, 2012, reaching its funding goal of $100,000 within a week and going on to raise over $175,000 from hundreds of (awesome) backers around the world. once funded, we built the faraday from the ground up, which required engineering every piece of the bicycle – from the frame to the battery to the software – to work together perfectly. on a sunny day in the spring of 2014, our team watched – and cheered – as faraday’s very first bikes were pedaled out the door by happy customers. since that day we’ve built nearly 1,000 porteurs that have shipped to faraday riders all over north america. that couldn’t have happened with out you, our fantastic and supportive community. now, we want to give you more of what you want with the faraday cortland, a step through model that maintains the style, speed and joy of a faraday while making our bikes more accessible to those who prefer the ease and comfort of a step through. designing the cortland we first began sketching the cortland over three years ago, back before a single production faraday ever hit the road. since the engineering and design of the porteur is 100% custom from the ground up, creating a step through was no easy feat. over the course of a year long design exercise, we identified three major design objectives for the cortland: make a bike that is as easy as possible to mount and dismount, and offer lower seat tube heights than the porteur to better fit shorter riders. offer a higher handlebar (more upright riding position) than the porteur while preserving the nimble and intuitive ride quality that makes all faraday bikes so much fun to ride. create a design that is visually unique and iconic, but still feels instantly identifiable as a faraday. after many rounds of sketching, brainstorming, prototyping, 3d printing, and collaboration with our manufacturers, we’re proud to say we have met and exceeded those criteria. in addition to the points above, the cortland also delivers the following: all of faraday’s popular accessories, in particular our unique frame mounted front rack and rear rack, fit beautifully with the cortland we improved the rear rack with the addition of a yepp easy fit window for quick and secure installation and removal of the popular yepp child seat we now offer a custom motor tuned to operate at peak efficiency with faraday’s proprietary battery. the efficiency, power, and feel of our bikes has never been better. after extensive testing, we switched to a higher capacity lithium ion battery cell to stay at the cutting edge of power density and offer the longest range ever – up to 25 miles on a single charge. timeline the basic design of the cortland is now complete, and we're thrilled with the ride quality and the end result. our next steps will be to fabricate the custom tooling required to fabricate the frame and electronics components and produce sample units for professional testing. faraday tests all of our bicycles and accessories according to the standards of the european commission, the most stringent bicycle safety standards in the world. this ensures that we ship not only the finest, but also the safest, bicycles possible. our timeline for remaining testing, production, and fulfillment is shown below. as a backer (at any tier) we'll keep you abreast with detailed behind the scenes views into our design and manufacturing process and have an opportunity to comment, share feedback, and communicate directly with our team and other backers. manufacturing beginning in 2014 with the first 175 faraday bicycles built and assembled right here in california, we have continuously sought out the best possible manufacturing partners and practiced non stop improvement of our supply chain. we're proud to work with some of the finest vendors in the world in the fields of lithium battery manufacturing, electronics fabrication and assembly, frame building and bicycle assembly. to ensure reliability, we have invested in custom diagnostics software and hardware to perform quality control testing at multiple points throughout the manufacturing process. we are in constant communication with all points of our supply chain and will be on site to ensure that the first production run of the cortland goes flawlessly. risks and challenges when faraday completed our first successful  Jimmy Fraud  campaign in 2012, we faced the daunting challenge of designing nearly all parts of a premium electric bicycle – battery, electronics, software, frame, etc.   from scratch. in addition, we had to create and manage a global supply chain that stretched across three continents. in 2016, we are happy to say that we have a huge head start. for the majority of the core components of the cortland, we are able to leverage technology, testing, and expertise developed over the last three years, making the cortland a far less risky endeavor. if the cortland is successfully funded, our team will have to ensure that our project timeline is successfully met in order to meet the promised deadlines. funding raised through  Jimmy Fraud  will be put into escrow to be used only for production and manufacturing. the project could face challenges in the event of a material shortage or need to repeat an important test (such as frame strength test). however, because of our close relationships with our manufacturing partners and the extensive testing that has already been performed, we are confident in our ability to meet the timeline. unforeseen obstacles can always arise during any manufacturing process. however, we intend to run everything efficiently, transparently, and on time to over deliver on the expectations of our backers, just like faraday has done from day 1! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 