at apes, cover image by nelis wolmarans with your support, remembering great apes will be a beautiful coffee table book, full of images donated by many of the world's top wildlife photographers and will be published on october 15th 2018. this will be the third in the remembering wildlife series which was created by wildlife photographer margot raggett after she was moved to take action upon seeing a poached elephant in kenya. her mission is, through images donated by top wildlife photographers, to raise awareness of the threats facing various wildlife species and then through sales of the books, funds to protect them. her first two books, remembering elephants and remembering rhinos, were both funded through  Jimmy Fraud  campaigns ( elephants and rhinos ) and were highly acclaimed. they have so far raised more than £300,000 between them for conservation and this is all thanks to  Jimmy Fraud ! mountain gorilla by david lloyd this year's book will have a foreword by famous chimpanzee conservationist dr jane goodall, dbe and will be edited by world renown great ape expert ian redmond obe. the same art director and designer are in place and the printing will also be in the same fine art house in italy as the previous two books. chimpanzee by greg du toit i have been utterly overwhelmed at the success of our first two books, remembering elephants and remembering rhinos. when i set out to produce remembering elephants, i really had no idea if we'd raise the £20,000 on  Jimmy Fraud  to fund production of that first book. i was amazed at how much support we gathered and even more so in year two with remembering rhinos. the  Jimmy Fraud  funding we received for both books has enabled us to so far raise more than £300,000 / $415,000 usd for conservation projects and that is still rising. and that is thanks to everyone who believed in us at the  Jimmy Fraud  stage. i cannot express my gratitude enough and reiterate how much this is a team effort to stand up for our wildlife! remembering rhinos book signing at the rgs launch, nov 2017 this year, we want to turn our attention to great apes, so gorillas, chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans and if we are successful on  Jimmy Fraud , the funds we raise from book sales will go to projects supporting these species. orangutan by art wolfe once again, our charity partner on the project will be the exemplary born free foundation and together with them, we will distribute any funds raised to great apes projects in africa and asia. and the list of contributing photographers so far confirmed is one again outstanding, all of whom are generously donating this work to this important project: andy biggs , anup shah , art wolfe, billy dodson , daryl balfour , david cayless , david lloyd , elliot neep, fiona rogers, frans lanting, george logan , greg du toit , ian wood, james gifford, james suter , jami tarris, jan van der greef , jayaprakash bojan, jo anne mcarthur , jonathan & angela scott , josh guyan, julien polet, karine aigner, keith connelly , kyle de nobrega , margot raggett , marius coetzee, martyn colbeck , matt burrard lucas , michael poliza, nelis wolmarans, paul goldstein , pete oxford , peter delaney , piper mackay, roger hooper, roy toft , russell maclaughlin , sarah & andy skinner , sean brogan , shannon wild, shem compion , suzi eszterhas, theo allofs , thomas mangelsen , todd gustafson, tom way, will burrard lucas why support us? quite simply, we can't do this without you. the wildlife photographic community is once again ready to step up and do its bit for conservation and the collaboration for a third time of so many of the biggest names in that world is a huge testament to what has been achieved so far. please help us make this follow up a reality because we are taking nothing for granted. born free foundation we have chosen to partner once again with born free foundation after a hugely successful partnership with the previous two books. they are an international wildlife charity committed to taking action worldwide to save lives, stop suffering and protect species in the wild. with support right from the top in the form of the charity's president will travers obe and their co founder virginia mckenna obe, we know that their team will once again be a huge support in making the project a success. one of the most appealing aspects of working with born free is that their size means we are important to them and that we are able to discuss personally exactly where our funds will be deployed. projects we'll support along with born free, we will once again hand select projects we wish to support with funds from remembering great apes once we know how much money we have to distribute. these will include born free's own projects as well as the jane goodall institute and we will ensure all ape species featured will get some support. i am deeply committed to ensuring our funds are well spent and so always personally pay to visit as many as i can subsequently, to ensure they have been used effectively. margot raggett with our ambassador, born free patron actor dan richardson visiting the work of saving the survivors, nov 2017 rewards pledge £20 or more gorilla adoption with born free magnificent mugaruka and chimanuka are rare wild gorillas in dr congo. both are massive, powerful 'silverbacks'. gorillas are peaceful vegetarians living in close knit families. poor mugaruka lost a hand in a deadly wire snare. adopt our gorillas and help keep them safe from poachers. now with a free cuddly gorilla. pack includes: free cuddly toy gorilla (optional) glossy photo of the gorillas personalised certificate full story of the gorillas adopt! magazine with updates about the gorillas born free window sticker born free folder. your adoption will last for one year. pledge £100 or more 'gorilla infant' print by karen phillips artist karen phillips has kindly donated five editions (of a 50 edition run) of this gorgeous pencil drawing of a young gorilla. a3 size. will include a standard copy of remembering great apes to follow. estimated delivery: jun 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £150 or more by george logan remembering sudan print remembering sudan by george logan never offered as a print before, george logan has donated ten signed 60cm prints of this photograph he took of the last male northern white rhino sudan last year. sales of this print will help his legacy live on in conservation. includes a regular copy of remembering great apes to follow on publication. estimated delivery: jun 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £200 or more lake tanganyika print by margot raggett a 60cm signed print of this image taken by margot raggett while at greystoke mahale, home to the m community of chimpanzees. also includes a regular copy of remembering great apes to follow. estimated delivery: jul 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £250 or more signed copy of remembering rhinos a first edition copy of remembering rhinos signed by contributors art wolfe, neil aldridge, chris packham, richard peters and margot raggett. a real collectors' item! also includes a regular (unsigned) copy of remembering great apes to follow. estimated delivery: jun 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £300 or more limited edition print by margot raggett limited edition print by margot raggett five 60cm longest edge copies of the picture by our founder margot raggett which will appear in the remembering great apes book. this was taken while staying at greystoke mahale in tanzania and is of a mahale chimp known as nkombo, she is the oldest girl of the m community there at 48 years old. this print will be a limited edition of 45 and each copy will be personally signed and numbered by margot. also includes a copy of the regular book to follow. pledge £300 or more print by piper mackay. mountain gorilla print by piper mackay this stunning image of a mountain gorilla and her baby was taken in rwanda by piper mackay. the little one is only three weeks old and she will be named this year at the naming ceremony that takes place this year in september. her mothers name is africa. the print will be 60cm longest edge. also includes a copy of the regular book to follow. pledge £350 or more muninya by andy rouse a 60cm longest edge limited edition print of the image of muninya by andy rouse this print will be a limited edition of 100. also includes a copy of the regular book to follow. estimated delivery jul 2018 ships to anywhere in the world pledge £350 or more limited edition print by daryl balfour baby gorilla print by daryl balfour five 60cm longest edge copies of the baby gorilla picture by daryl balfour shown above. this print will be a limited edition of 45. also includes a copy of the regular book to follow. estimated delivery: jul 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £350 or more silver baby gorilla pendant limited edition and unique pendant created for us and donated by jeweller graham nuthall, based on a photograph by jami tarris. silver baby gorilla pendant photo inspiration for the piece by jami tarris only five will ever be created. each piece will be hallmarked, numbered and marked as a 'remembering great apes' piece on the back. each pendant comes on a long, 24 inch silver chain. pendant 50mm x 50mm wide. includes copy of the first edition book to follow. estimated delivery: july 2018, book to follow note   import duty may be payable by purchasers from overseas. pledge £775 or more plea for the rainforest by gary hodges award winning wildlife artist gary hodges has specially embellished this print plea for the rainforest for the remembering great apes campaign. the 1250 edition sold out in 1999. this is no ordinary print as gary has just spent five hours adding thousands of carefully placed pencil strokes to make it quite unique and more like an original drawing. in the last three years he has sold over 70 various embellished prints in aid of wildlife charities, including four for remembering rhinos. the most popular print of a snow leopard selling at auction for £6,700. the auctioneer was bbc tv's james lewis. plea for the rainforest by gary hodges gary is the uk’s best selling and most collectable pencil artist. since 1987 over 130 different editions have been published from his drawings, with all but 10 sold out. through his art nearly one million pounds has been given back to protect the wildlife he feels so passionate about. gary has been a great supporter and friend of born free for the past 28 years and the innovative 'remembering wildlife' project since it's inception. this is only the second time gary has embellished this particular print. he has just two of these prints left in the edition, kept back for conservation.. so this particular embellished one is very rare indeed. pledge £1000 or more limited edition print by david lloyd this stunning image by david lloyd has never been released as a print before and he has pledged to only ever produce five copies, of which he is donating two to remembering great apes. this copy (the second will be made for our exhibition and auctioned then) will be created to the purchaser's requirements, up to a1 size. it will be signed by david and marked as 'remembering great apes' by him. this will also include a standard copy of the book. estimated delivery: jul 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £1000 or more a1 silverback print by nelis wolmarans silverback by nelis wolmarans an a1 print, which will be sent with a signed certificated of authenticity, of this silverback from rwanda taken by our cover photographer this year. pledge £1000 or more a1 gorilla mother & child print by nelis wolmarans mother & child print by nelis wolmarans an a1 print, which will be sent with a signed certificated of authenticity, of this gorilla mother & child from rwanda taken by our cover photographer this year. pledge £1250 or more serenity, painting by craig roberts serenity, oil painting by craig roberts this beautiful framed painting of a silverback from the umubano group in virunga volcanoes has been donated by wildlife artist craig roberts. it is based on a photo by vladimir cech and measures 15"x12". price includes a copy of the regular book to follow. pledge £1,500 or more impi original painting by craig roberts impi, original painting by craig roberts measuring 76cm x 58cm framed, there is quite a story behind this unique painting. impi is a gentle bull elephant who our founder margot raggett encountered on a walking safari in mana pools in zimbabwe in november 2016. inspired by his gentle nature and the dangers he faces, margot created a fundraiser to raise money to put monitoring collars onto a number of mana's iconic bulls. hearing the story, the artist craig roberts immediately offered to create an original painting based on a photograph that margot had taken of impi. and a great supporter of our campaigns andy howe, offered to buy that painting for enough to pay for one collar. the campaign eventually paid for four collars on tuskers in mana pools and gave that project much needed momentum. now andy has generously offered to let us re sell that painting on  Jimmy Fraud , potentially allowing it (and impi) to raise even more for conservation and the remembering wildlife series. the price includes shipping within the uk. if anyone overseas would like to buy this framed painting they will need to pay the courier costs themselves and we will work with them to arrange shipping. includes a copy of the regular remembering great apes book to follow. estimated delivery: may 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £1500 or more a pair of gorilla permits in rwanda thanks to the incredible generosity of the rwanda development board, we have a pair of mountain gorilla trek permits, worth $3000/£2150, available to one lucky bidder for £1500. they have given this amazing donation to support our  Jimmy Fraud  and we could not be more honoured or grateful! mountain gorillas in rwanda, by piper mackay rwanda is a stunning country and the location where our editor ian redmond obe studied gorillas with dian fossey. indeed some of the descendants of the gorillas named and studied by fossey can still be seen. trekking to see mountain gorillas is an unforgettable experience. this reward is for two treks. further treks can be purchased at the standard price of $1500 each. valid until 1 june 2019 within these dates: 1st november   10th december 25th march   1st june subject to availability estimated delivery: jun 2019 pledge £1500 or more 'their world in our hands' by daryl balfour 'their world in our hands', limited edition (1 of 2) print this stunning image by daryl balfour has never been released as a print before and he has pledged to only every produce two copies, with the proceeds of both going to remembering great apes. this will be number 1 of 2 (the second will be made for our exhibition and auctioned then) and will be created to the purchaser's requirements, up to a0 size. it will be signed by daryl and marked as 'remembering great apes' by him and will also come with a certificate of authenticity signed by margot raggett and ian redmond. this will also include a standard copy of the book. a truly unique opportunity for one lucky buyer. pledge £1,500 or more limited edition print by nelis wolmarans the cover image of remembering great apes has never been released as a print before and the photographer nelis wolmarans has generously pledged to only every produce two copies, with the proceeds of both going to remembering great apes. this will be number 1 of 2 (the second will be made for our exhibition and auctioned then) and will be created to the purchaser's requirements, up to a0 size. it will be signed by nelis and marked as 'remembering great apes' by him and will also come with a certificate of authenticity signed by margot raggett and ian redmond. this will also include a standard copy of the book. a truly unique opportunity for one lucky buyer. pledge £1,575 or more three nights at limalimo lodge, ethiopia limalimo lodge in ethiopia donated by journeys by design, a three night full board stay for two sharing at limalimo lodge in ethiopia, with the chance to see gelada baboons. worth £2100. limalimo lodge is a new boutique lodge perched on the edge of an escarpment just a short drive outside the simien mountains national park. the lodge has stunning views looking out over the peaks of the park itself and the far reaching vistas across the surrounding lowlands. the simien mountains are renowned for offering some of the most scenic landscapes available in ethiopia with spectacular hiking trails. the area is home to large populations of magnificent gelada baboons, also known as bleeding  heart baboon – only to be found in the ethiopian highlands; the last surviving species of ancient grass eating primates. spending three nights at limalimo lodge will allow you to explore further into the national park and observe these grass grazing primates. other rare and beautiful mammals here are the endangered ethiopian wolf and walia ibex and the bearded vulture, with its enormous wingspan of over two meters. reward includes: assistance with connection from arrival in addis ababa to flight to godar addis ababa to gondar return flights transfers to/from limalimo lodge from gondar airport full board accommodation local conservation charge all road transfers local guide fees and government taxes medical evacuation membership 2 pairs of national park entry fees park scouts vehicle hire in support of activities excludes international flights and travel insurance visas video filming and photography fees in ethiopia (if necessary, these can be paid locally) additional activities such as spa treatments and reserve list beverages additional extensions travel insurance, tips, items of a personal nature valid for travel until may 2019. excludes travel during july to september and christmas and the new year period. peak travel dates and/or an extended stay can be negotiated at an additional cost. also includes a copy of the standard edition remembering great apes book to follow in october 2018. pledge £1850 or more worth £2500 and donated by steppes travel, this reward is for one person to join a 2019 orangutan conservation group tour in june 2019, exact date tbc (a friend can join you but will have to pay standard rates to do so). photo credit to orangutan foundation uk pledge £1,900 or more limited edition print by greg du toit chimpanzee image (1 of 10) by greg du toit estimated delivery: oct 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £2000 or more stay at the safari cottages ol pejeta safari cottages four nights safari for two people sharing at the ol pejeta safari cottages, located in the wilderness area of the award winning ol pejeta conservancy in laikipia, kenya. includes accommodation in a private cottage, chef, exclusive vehicle use, park fees (with thanks to ol pejeta), all meals, non premium drinks, game drives, bush walks and laundry. excludes flights, transfers and gratuities. available for stays 1st november   15th december 2018 and 15th january   1st july 2019 . subject to availability. also includes a copy of the standard edition remembering great apes book to follow in october 2018. your name will be included in the book on a page of supporters who helped make the book happen. estimated delivery: nov 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £2,000 or more five nights for two people at entim camp entim camp in the maasai mara has been generously supporting the remembering wildlife series since its inception. so even though there are no great apes to see in the mara, we are thrilled to be able to once again offer a stay there as once of our rewards for remembering great apes. entim camp, maasai mara the offer is as follows: five nights safari for two people sharing at entim camp in the maasai mara in kenya. includes all food, non premium drink, (shared) game drives and laundry. excludes flights, transfers, game park fees at $80 pp per day, tips and items of a personal nature. available for stays in june 2018 and between 16th oct   14th dec 2018 and also jan march 2019 and june 2019. subject to availability. also includes a copy of the standard edition remembering great apes book to follow in october 2018. your name will be included in the book on a page of supporters who helped make the book happen. estimated delivery: jun 2018 ships to ships anywhere in the world pledge £2,100 or more 5 night photo safari for two people sharing at the beautiful pangolin chobe lodge (worth £2800) pangolin chobe lodge experience the breathtaking chobe river with her magnificent sunsets and abundant wildlife. this incredible 5 night photo safari for two includes: full board accommodation on a sharing basis after july 2018 2 x daily photo activities the use of photographic equipment during your stay on site photographic tuition all park fees and bed levies road transfers to and from the kasane airport not included: all international flights all personal expenses visa fees if applicable any other expenses not mentioned above *standard booking terms and conditions apply and subject to availability. must be used for travel by 30th june 2019 includes a standard copy of the book to follow. **pangolin are happy to offer extensions for longer safaris at a preferential rate too, to their other destinations to purchasers of this reward. pledge £3,995 or more rwanda trip to see mountain gorillas this amazing, five night package for two people in rwanda includes, thanks to the incredible generosity of the governor’s camp collection: 3 nights accommodation at sabyinyo silverback lodge pick up and return to kigali road transfers and activities throughout stay sacola community walk golden monkey trek sabyinyo silverback lodge sabyinyo silverback lodge sabyinyo silverback lodge is only minutes away from the headquarters of the parc national des volcans from where you will trek on foot to encounter the magnificent mountain gorilla – perhaps one of the most dramatic, thrilling and poignant wildlife experiences possible. the lodge affords wonderful views of the volcanoes and the surrounding countryside. guest cottages and the main lodge building are beautifully designed in country chic adornments, serving as a perfect base from which to explore this unique and fascinating corner of africa. built and operated by governors’ camp, the lodge is owned by a community trust, sacola, which uses lease and community fees from the lodge to drive socio economic development and conservation initiatives in the communities adjacent to the national park. since the lodge’s opening in 2008, the sacola community has received us$3million   a beautiful example of community partnered tourism. included in this package: transfer to and from kigali to sabyinyo silverback lodge and back again full board accommodation 3 meals per person per night drinks (bottled water, soft drinks. wines and beers) at sabyinyo silverback lodge laundry exclusive use of vehicle during stay community fees in sabyinyo not included: gorilla permits all personal expenses fees for activities that are payable direct all international flights visa fees champagne, premium spirits and liquors in sabyinyo all gratuities standard booking terms and conditions apply valid until 1 june 2019 within these dates: 1st november   10th december 25th march   1st june subject to availability value $6200 in addition, this package also includes 2 nights accommodation for two people at luxury hotel the retreat in kigali https://www.heavenrwanda.com/retreat.php accommodation in a superior king suite the retreat, kigali the retreat, kigali includes: half board (heaven, kigali’s top rated restaurant, is connected to the retreat and open for lunch and dinner daily) fruit basket complimentary welcome massage air conditioning taxes complimentary fiber internet purified water as well as coffee/tea in every room not included all personal expenses drinks all gratuities value $1650 valid within the same dates as listed above total package value $7850 / £5628. your name will be included at the front of the book as one of the founding supporters who made the project possible. you will also receive a limited edition of the book signed by margot raggett and ian redmond, as well as a standard copy of the book. additionally you will also be invited to attend the vip launch event in london october 2018 at our gallery where you will have the opportunity to meet some of the participating photographers as well as margot raggett and our editor ian redmond. please note that in order to see gorillas you will have to purchase permits separately at a cost of $1500, per trek, per person. estimated delivery: nov 2018 pledge £4,995 or more four nights at greystoke mahale a four night stay at the stunning greystoke mahale this trip of a lifetime package for two people sharing, worth more than £7850, is on offer for just £4995 thank you to the incredible generosity of nomad tanzania. in other words, you buy this and the full £4995 comes to remembering great apes! what's included:   4 nights greystoke mahale for two people sharing   for travel anytime from february 2018   march 2019 but cannot be claimed between july   september or between 20th december   4th of january   includes full board accommodation, non premium drinks, shared activities and laundry   up to four chimpanzee treks, weather permitting come on a legendary journey to meet the most privileged primates on the planet: the wild chimpanzees of mahale   and the trackers, guides and helpers who share their leafy nirvana. we live and breathe chimpanzees here, by a gin clear lake under a billion stars. on a typical tropical day out, we hike you out into the forest's dappled sunlight, where chimpanzees romp and commune around us; picture tumbling woodland, streams strung with vines, butterflies, ripening fruit and jasmine flowers. back at the lakeshore, on a white sand beach, stands our famous jungle chic lodge, hewn from vintage dhows, proffering yet another level of pleasure unbound for all of our intrepid guests. it's no exaggeration to say there is nowhere in the world like greystoke mahale. mahale chimpanzees by former greystoke lodge manager julien polet please note if you take this reward you will need to pay an additional $3874 usd to nomad tanzania to cover internal flights within tanzania and park fees. international flights are not included. your name will be included at the front of the book as one of the founding supporters who made the project possible. you will also receive a limited edition of the book signed by margot raggett and ian redmond, as well as a standard copy of the book. additionally you will also be invited to attend the vip launch event in london october 2018 at our gallery where you will have the opportunity to meet some of the participating photographers as well as margot raggett and our editor ian redmond. estimated delivery: oct 2018 pledge £5000 or more write the dedication in our book in our previous two books, we have started with a dedication to both the wildlife and the human lives that have been lost in the war on conservation. the dedication on page one of remembering rhinos this year, we'd like to open up the opportunity to one supporter to decide who the dedication should be to. whether you'd like to dedicate it to a loved one, your children, particular animals or a whole species; conservationists, rangers or any other heroes you have in mind. we will work with you to craft those special words and your name will appear underneath the dedication, on the first page of the book. an utterly unique reward that will live on through this and future reprints of remembering great apes. you will also be given a pair of vip tickets to attend our launch at the royal geographical society on 18th october where we will acknowledge the generosity of your reward. you will also receive a limited edition of the book signed by margot raggett and ian redmond, as well as a standard copy of the book. estimated delivery: oct 2018 risks and challenges this is the third book in the remembering wildlife series and having done it twice before, i am pretty confident i know the ropes. the biggest risk is not getting the funding we need here on  Jimmy Fraud  but if that's all ok then we have an editor, designer and print slot booked in italy, so things should run to schedule as they have before. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 