riptioncamille speaks asks you to rise up and do something positive for our future! i ask your support to build the earth academy: a 21st century hyper local sustainable village. the earth academy starts with you. our mission is to build self sustaining, environmentally responsible communities as beacons to the world that it is possible to live in a way which will ensure a healthy environment for future generations. through pilot programs made possible by crowd funding, we hope to raise the tide of awareness and institute real change, one project at a time. detroit is our first project. be a part of the future and inspire hope by making a donation now. my intention is to give you hope about climate change. so much of the messages out there are doom and gloom and lead me to get depressed and feel hopeless. i don’t want that for you – hang in there with me as i describe a project that is filled with hope for you, for me, for the planet! responding to these facts, the earth academy steps up to serve as a beacon of light and inspiration. in detroit, the earth academy will build a community that houses 600 1000 people, grows it's own food, gathers it's own water, treats it's own waste and does not burn fossil fuels. this village is walkable, bike friendly and beautifully landscaped with species of plants that are suited to the local climate. the buildings themselves are thoughtful, sensual and modern as well as affordable, while maintaining a human proportion that evokes and honors the ties to the land, ancient culture and modern histories of the people that will inhabit them. imagine the feeling of living in a way that is not harmful to you, your family and all the things about this planet you love! it's actually not so hard! we want to prove it! what is a hyper local village? that means that the community will be bike friendly and walkable. each village will have it's own baker, maker, shops and more. those that need to commute to the larger nearby city can do so by light rail or other form of mass transit. the main purpose of these villages is to demonstrate that a fossil free future can be beautiful. each village we build will prove that no matter what geographic location you live in there is no need to use fossil fuels to generate energy, or use such fuels for heating or cooling your home. recently the ipcc report informed us that you and me will feel the effects of climate change. no one is immune. while it is daunting to consider that human activity of burning fossil fuels and rampant deforestation have altered our planets atmosphere for thousands of years to come, the story will only get worse if we continue on our current trajectory. we are out of time. there is no safe place left to be apathetic. here's why we need to do this right now! the climate crisis we find ourselves in stems from our unsustainable habits linked to our addiction to fossil fuels and material consumption. in 2014 both the un and ipcc issued their strongest warning for our global civilization, that unless we drastically reduce our consumption of fossil based fuels and co2 emissions that dire consequences for all life on earth would be inevitable. lack of committed political will, stymies many efforts on a large scale. many people feel overwhelmed and powerless. the earth academy addresses the need for inspiration, motivation and instruction/education as to how to shift humanity towards a clean safe sustainable future. the reason this is so exciting and why i want you to join with me is that everything we need to solve this problem already exists! we can live a safer cleaner way starting right now! let's do this! more awesome news the earth academy exists on line and off line. on our website and facebook page the earth academy provides inspiration motivation instruction/education for those eager to shift towards a cleaner, safe, affordable sustainable future. we already are sharing existing sustainable ideas with people like you who want to live cleaner and safer lives on planet earth. soon we will offer workshops and hands on training to further the development of sustainable practices. these classes will serve to reconnect us to the earth itself and all of its living systems. honoring indigenous wisdom as well as cutting edge scientific thinking. we will teach sustainable thinking and practices. connect with us and find out all the amazing things you can do right now that are not expensive or difficult. come and see all the cool ideas that people are already making part of their daily lives. i know that much of the messages out there are … recycle, ride your bike and eat more plant based food. all those things are good… and i think we –you and me – need to and can do more now. when i hear current news, i feel powerless then realized there is something that i’m meant to do – not by myself but with a troop of people who also want hope…. i think it’s easier than you might imagine. here’s why…. it's already happening! many thousands of people are already doing things that move us all towards a cleaner safer future. we are not alone in this! people have already laid the ground work. it feels great! being part of something that is good for the wellbeing of us all is an awesome feeling! who knows one day your grand children might thank you. one day you will be able to look back and say, "yes i was part of that. i helped get it going... now look at it! it's amazing!" we need more positive and beautiful examples of what the future can be! before we can create all that there is some homework to do! i will visit existing sustainable communities around the country. document, interview, record. in order to find out first hand what works and what doesn't. the information will be used to construct a model of the earth academy. how is this different from other sustainable communities? the earth academy aims to shift society dependent on dirty fossil fuel towards a cleaner, safer, healthier future while proving it can be beautiful. (think what tesla did for electric vehicles) the earth academy is not a commune. nor does it seek to be some sort of alternative lifestyle. it seeks to pave the way for our future. this village is for everyone and anyone. you & me! (read as you do not have to garden if you do not want to.. although i bet you will want to!) how will a village and website change anything? it was not too long ago that i started to feel overwhelmed by the seeming enormity surrounding the issue of climate change. to do nothing was not an option... i began to look for ideas, solutions and education about ways to change myself and hopefully inspire others. it was truly heart warming to discover that i did not need to look very hard or for very long before i began to find a flood of everything i needed to feel positive and pumped up! there were not just a few but many sources, people and amazing ideas and innovations popping up everywhere i looked. i want to save you the foot work. i want to help directly connect you to all those things. the village is a great leap, one that is needed to pull our oil indulged minds into a new time  the 21st century! let's dream big, make it better and beautiful. the village represents us planting our feet in the earth itself and declaring that we can do this! that it can be awesome and good for us all at the same time. excited yet? want to make history? rewards $25 reward: set of three postcards of camille's images set of three postcards $50 reward: poster 11x17 earth academy poster $75 reward: tee shirt design by ted fellow safwat saleem $125 reward: signed copy of camille's new book melting away camille's new book :melting away $1000 reward: 15 x 23" signed and numbered print (choose one) looking at the icebergs near franklin island, ross sea antarctica 2006 tracks through the fields, kansas 2008 blue underside revealed detail, svalbard, july 5, 2010 how will the  Jimmy Fraud  funds be used? we have set up phases of research and development. which aim to have us constructing within five years time. between now and then there is a great deal of work and details to attend to. the earth academy: phase one research and development, july 2014 through june 2015 budget: $50k scope: travel to five existing sustainable communities around north america and document with still photography and video. interview and record systems, information, techniques, materials and wisdom of what works and valuable lessons learned. create at least 5 short video spotlights about the communities i visit. the earth academy: phase one ( stretch goal ) research and development, july 2014 through june 2015 budget: an additional $25k scope: add five more trips of travel to five existing sustainable communities around north america and document with still photography and video. interview and record systems, information, techniques, materials and wisdom of what works and valuable lessons learned. create at least 5 short video spotlights about the communities i visit. the earth academy: phase two ( stretch goal ) concept drawings  site plans july 2014  june 2015 budget: an additional $65k award winning architect, ted fellow xavier xilalta. vilalta, whose design philosophy/vision is about finding a better connection between nature and people has agreed to develop concept drawings and eventually site and building plans for our first village which will be built in detroit. any funds over our initial goal will aid in paying for these services. learn more about his work here . the earth academy: phase three ( stretch goal) purchasing land, buildings, permits etc. june 2015   ? budget: up to $2 million detroit is the right place to start this, it is symbolic, in need and affordable. any funds over $140k will aid towards buying land and getting the construction process moving. more about why camille is doing this: realizing that her dramatic photographs of climate change were not having the impact she had hoped for, camille seaman decided to do more: "having seen with my own eyes what is happening to our spaceship earth, i now know what i must do. i am making changes in my own life to be the change i wish to see in the world. it starts at home with small things like changing lightbulbs and learning to recycle. many scoff at the trivial nature of this but it is a beginning. all beginnings are small. these simple acts cause a shift in your behavior which is what sets the journey in motion. the more you learn how unsafe fossil fuels are for our health (they pollute our air, spoil our water, foul our soil) the easier it becomes to start making cleaner, safer choices. i ride my bicycle more often, i fly very seldom. i avoid plastic packaging where possible, i buy local and organic. i support my local growers, makers and businesses(the less any item has to travel the smaller its carbon footprint). i make my own things. you can hear in this that there becomes less attraction to consuming. our consumer culture and economic model of exponential eternal growth is unsustainable. sharing culture is emerging. new models where effect is valued over profit are emerging. the great news is that everything we need to solve the issue of climate exists already. we do not need to wait for some amazing futuristic technology. "   camille seaman risks and challenges the greatest risk is not to try. the greatest risk is to sit back and keep hoping someone else will take care of or solve this very important issue. i am not claiming to be the solution, only someone who is deeply committed to making sure the future is more beautiful, safer and cleaner. i am hoping that all of you will consider me an extension of your will and desire. that your support will signal that yes we care, yes we can do this, and that now is the time to start. i am an artist. that means i have a unique ability to make real something that only existed in my imagination. i am practiced at over coming obstacles and adversity. let me be your artist. let me dream an awesome future, help me build it, not just for us but for our children, and the children of their children. let's revisit what we want the definition of our role on this planet as humans to mean. let's show that we truly are intelligent and find a way to coexist with the millions of species that make this place special. where is the risk in that? learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 