riptionfantastic images from the magic world of the eternal city. a high quality photo book coming from a long time project, by the wildlife conservation photographers roberto isotti and alberto cambone of homo ambiens. roberto and alberto collect some significant conservation experience from different areas, to add a chapter to the long story of the city of rome. wild rome is a long term project that tells the story, often hidden, of wild animals living in the city of rome. the idea is to describe the species that live next to us, often nearly ignored by most of people. some are old presence, old as much as the city; others are new arrivals; some species are typical of our latitudes, others are unusual guests from other continents. the wild rome project consists of a 5 years’ time work. more than 5.000 pictures obtained by roberto and the team of homo ambiens. the goal of the wild rome project is to achieve a high quality photo book that tells in an innovative way and in depth the extraordinary beauty and the great conservation efforts of a lot of association, volunteers and researchers to preserve the urban biodiversity of rome. the book relies on images of exceptional beauty, aesthetic impact and documentary value, but also intends to adopt new solutions in the publishing layout. in this sense the horizontal format ensures maximum expression of the creative potential and emotional. the goal of the project is to show to the european citizens the beauty of urban wildlife of rome and what the humans are going to lose in the next future without a change in the developing models. this can help to leading people towards a sustainable use of resources and to adopt nature conservation habits. also the narrative structure of a volume seeks innovative impact. the distinct topics of the 5 chapters show the great complexity that characterize the relationships between urban environment and wildlife: metropolitan gangs; inattentive visitors; ancient citizens; the last arrivals; the aliens. the choice to organize chapters according to criteria not topographical but biological response to the need to create an editorial product that combines attention to scientific rigor to the originality and uniqueness of photographic images. this approach allows to show the best of both the extraordinary biodiversity of rome. the beautiful photographic images of roberto and alberto are accompanied by introductory texts of fulco pratesi (wwf honorary president), micòl ricci and the contribution of various specialists. the book is the result of a complex long term project that, in addition to using the power of images to raise awareness of the public, wants to provide valuable information on the efforts already made and those still needed to ensure a future to the wildlife. the aims of the project tell   in a new way  the "wildlife" in an urban environment, the stories of that special citizens often perceive with so little awareness. show animals for what they are, without judgment or hierarchy: non human individuals with unique characteristics, neighbors with whom we share the city. light the biodiversity hosted in our city of a new light, to create an empathy also with the species that are unpopular between humans, showing their hidden beauty and their utility for ecosystems. create a tangible contact between people and the “animals” that have decided to call home an overpopulated city like rome. wild rome calls its visitors to discover an inedited part of one of the most famous cities in the world, showing how, even the familiar, may reveal great surprises if you are able to look at them with new eyes and lenses. the stunning images of wild rome, collected over a long term project, shoot by alberto cambone and roberto isotti, photographers of long course and now citizens of the world. the photographers, who began their professional activity in the eternal city, despite today have traveled in 6 continents, preserve a deep connection with the city of rome that keeps intact its charm and inspirational aptitude. the images will be accompanied with long captions containing scientific, historical and everyday life tips. some data that make rome the greenest city in europe!! surface 1.285,31 kmq 33,4% of public parks, 149 mq for each citizen 52.000 ha dedicated to agricultural 3.889.305 citizens 19 mammal species 121 birds, 78 of them nestling 16 amphibian species 10 reptilian species 5.000 species of insect the collaboration with various associations and institutions, working on the field in different areas of rome, brought roberto to spot and tell endangered species and conservation project all over the city. the 5.000 images, pulled out during these 5 years, consent to create a unique, prestigious book on this important issue. hedgehog (erinaceus europaeus), tazio bridge. silent and circumspect, chose nightlife to avoid unpleasant encounters. being eaters of invertebrates, they play a positive role in the green areas of rome, especially in the northern of the city. the homo ambiens journalist micòl ricci during an interview at fest'images nature meeting, laval france 2016. the wild rome project was completed in december 2015, but during the work in progress the images were used for international campaigns and photo stories on magazines: wild rome in the national geographic italy, september 2016 “wild rome” at festival international nature namur, october 2016 “our images on world heritages” ourplace library for unesco, new zealand 2014 “our images of wildlife species” wildscreen libraries, uk 2012 “rome, ville verte” nat images magazine, france 2016 “wild rome” fest'images nature festival, laval france 2016 “wwf magazine – latium biodiversity”, italy 2012 “urban fauna management”   environmental ministry, italy 2010 “italy to preserve” – wwf & environmental ministry, italy 2010 “save the toad” la repubblica, italy 2009 the black redstart (phoenicurus ochrupos), villa medici avenue. now, even the great tit is convinced that rome is a good place for their lives. in winter, the city is home to a larger number of individuals, refuge in gardens. wild rome, the book you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 off english this short video describes the hard work that was necessary to obtain the book. from the very beginning the wild rome project has been intended as a book to inspire people on the wildlife protection. during the developing of the project, the book has been regarded as the final and most important aspect, one that has taken a great deal of consideration. for this reason, despite being offered publishing contracts, roberto has chosen to self publish the wild rome book so that will fully reflect the attention to detail that is so key in his work. his close relationship with his international fan base has fueled a sense of responsibility in producing something truly special, that was be possible thanks to the homo ambiens skill. the homo ambiens photographer alberto cambone is signing a copy of the book pre print. the design of the book, the selection of the cover and of the internal pictures are made together with specialists. the choice of the book profile follows the idea of roberto, also in the post production of the images and in the style of texts and information of the book. . ringed parakeet (psittacula krameri), view of the war memorial from villa medici. the great invasion of europe by the parakeets happened in the second half of '900. now many cities are home for a large colony of these beautiful and noisy parrots. book option and rewards the project will lead to creation of a significant photo book. the wild rome book will have a prestigious editorial outfit and collect images of the most significant species living in rome, endemism, alien and endangered species. working on the natural point of view we organized the book on the base of the 5 main kinds of characterize relationships between urban environment and wildlife: metropolitan gangs; inattentive visitors; ancient citizens; the last arrivals; the aliens. it is not enough! the wild rome book will be produced in italy, and will be overseen personally by roberto. the pre orders generated by this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign will be the only way for the public to own a first edition copy. it will not be available in any stores or online, and can only be produced with your help by reaching its target goal. this book is the result of a complex and ambitious photographic project that had required years of research and work on the field. the project is completed; photos and texts (enriched with contributions prepared by specialists) are ready. the final volume will consist of 192 pages and about 100 photos. the expected price of the book is 40 €. the book will be in italian, french and english. the volume is set up for printing. we have identified an italian publisher that will deal with the press, distribution and sales of the volume. the printing of the book is scheduled for oct 2016 (the book can also be a perfect christmas present). subscribe the pre order and safe 15% on the cover price. help us to support wildlife conservation in rome, through the spreading of this volume. fox (vulpes vulpes), doria pamphilj park the first edition book €35 • 340 x 25mm (paper size) landscape format; 192 pages; photographs to be printed on high quality and fsc (forest stewardship council approved) paper; real cloth covered hardback, embossed cover + foil stamping; round sewn spine with foil stamping + ribbon marker; this edition will be presented in four cover options. that is your choice, select your favorite! this will be the first edition run; the first 1000 copies will be signed by roberto, with your name listed as a supporter in the book's acknowledgements. common toad (bufo bufo), auditorium parco della musica. the common toad is a species so widespread in the maze of streets, gardens and small pipes for rainwater, to be present almost everywhere in the city. shipping & delivery dates delivery dates : the first edition run will be shipped in nov dec 2016. we will ship worldwide, but this will take longer to arrive depending on the location. international shipping costs: these will be added to your pledge, and will vary depending on destination. prices will be define according to standard of international curriers. please note that if the delivery destination of your order is outside of the european community, your order may be subject to import duties and taxes which are applied when your order reaches that destination. we have no control over these charges and you will be responsible for payment if they occur. why  Jimmy Fraud   Jimmy Fraud  presents the perfect platform for launching a self published book. the edition of this book will be of the highest quality, to a standard that would not have been possible through an ordinary publisher. therefore it’s vitally important that we meet our funding goal to make this a reality. the publishing world is not ready to meet a similar project, as for the prestigious habit of the volume, as for the important and specific theme of the book.  Jimmy Fraud  also helps roberto to engage with his community of backers, with whom he can communicate to ensure that the book he creates is exactly as he intended. for nature and wildlife conservation through the people involvement and for the next generation. a green way is still possible thanks to conservation of nature and innovative solutions! more about homo ambiens team roberto and micòl planning an expedition with hannu hautala, one of the top nature photographers of the world. alberto cambone and roberto isotti, photographers and naturalists, founders of homo ambiens, have been actively engaged for many years in conservation photography. conservation photography is a new part of nature photography, aimed at nature conservation initiatives. photography gets alberto and roberto to travel all over the world, reporting the beauty and fragility of the last natural paradises. micòl ricci, journalist and storyteller, joined the group few years ago. she have add new energy to the results of the group with stories and content researches. their work developed several photo stories published in main italian and international magazine, books, exhibition and communication material used by environmental organizations to promote some of their more important campaigns. the images you can see in this web site tell the big passion of alberto and roberto for nature, passion that gets them to spend countless hours on the field to take the natural world in all his beauty and complexity. their archive counts more than 200.000 images and more than 30.000 videos collected in 30 years of work; during this time a documentation of great creative and scientific value, rich in variety and originality has been collected. roberto and alberto on the field, during an expedition in pantanal, brasil. homo ambiens is an initiative, which aims through photography to share the beauty of nature and explore how the environmental complexity regulates life on earth. we pursue the human guest to live in harmony with the natural environment. founded in 1993, homo ambiens shows a photographic panorama of the state of our planet. homo ambiens . after homo abilis who was able to make the first instruments, homo erectus who had the ability to move on back art and homo sapiens who slowly reaches conscious of the surrounding world, finally homo ambiens should be able to go back to be part of nature and live in harmony with his ambient, without give up improvements guaranteed by technology progress and the advantages of evolution. homo ambiens is currently based in rome, italy. the wild rome book capture images phase was completed in december 2015. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 off english this short video tries to describe power and inspiration of the homo ambiens teamwork. testimonials "these pictures are wonderful and provide a far reaching insight into the biodiversity in the lac tumba program. as such they are a great tool for our conservation education program and will greatly contribute to help raise the awareness for local, national and international community. many thanks for roberto isotti and alberto cambone to have taken the initiative to come to malebo and help fill this particular gap." inogwabini bila isia director of the lac tumba wwf project “the xixuau xiparina natural reserve is considered an area of high priority for the conservation of amazon biodiversity. the reserve is under the management of a brazilian ngo, the amazon association, formed by and for the benefit of the native inhabitants, on the premise that it is only possible to preserve the remaining intact areas of the amazon rainforest. amazon association’s efforts are aimed at raising the living standards of the local people, particularly with education, health and sustainable development projects. the contribution of professional photographer roberto isotti and alberto cambone have been vital in promoting amazon association projects and popularizing not only the natural beauty of xixuau xiparina, but also the problems concerning the conservation of the amazon rainforest. thanks to the talent and passion of roberto and alberto, it is possible to tell the world about the unflagging efforts and determination of local amazon inhabitants to defend the forest and their rights”. emanuela evangelista   president of amazon association onlus milano “photography is an inspiring tool for nature conservation work because of the beauty it can capture and make permanent. on the other hand, photography is a window to show how nature can be in danger and how we must fight to preserve it. roberto isotti and alberto cambone capture with great sensitivity the beauty, diversity and fragility of pantanal wetlands. their work is helping wwf brazil to conquer more brazilian hearts to the duty of nature conservation on behalf of ourselves and of the next generations”. denise oliveira wwf brazil, communication coordinator “bukit barisan selatan national park, designated by unesco as “cluster mountainous tropical rainforest heritage site of sumatra”, is an important habitat for the sumatra rabbit, which is endemic to the island and which iucn has given the stratus of critically endangered. in the last 35 years, the sumatra rabbit has only been seen 3 times: in 1972, directly witnessed a scientist; then in 1998, an international team photographed one of these rabbits. finally, roberto isotti and alberto cambone photographed the sumatra rabbit in the park in 2008, adding important information about its existence. wwf is now working together with bbsnp authority on campaigning to combat threats to the area”. nurchalis fadhli project leader wwf bbs program “when it comes to nature and conservation issues, roberto isotti and alberto cambone have always shown a sincere interest and explicit understanding in their photographic work. their contribution of outstanding images   with such great attention to detail   has broadly assisted the cetacean research & rescue unit (crru) in northeast scotland with its environmental educational programme and the recruitment of volunteers”. kevin p robinson director cetacean research & rescue unit “the apennine brown bear is endemic to central italy. its conservation status is extremely worrying because of its biological needs and the high human population density in italy. the main problems are technical, but also social and economic. it is very difficult to integrate this bear’s conservation requirements with commercial profits of territorial development. our idea is to deal with this subject by speaking to the heart of the people, through images where bears and nature are the stars, but which show dramatically that we are running an imminent risk of losing everything. we must make every effort to prevent this from happening. to reach this goal roberto isotti and alberto cambone are obtaining exciting, innovative results by appealing to the public’s emotions”. paolo ciucci   researcher in animal biology with the university of rome “quality nature photography is always of great value in involving all of us in paying more attention to nature and its conservation. however, when photographers work closely with scientific research and share all their goals with the conservation world, as roberto isotti and alberto cambone have been doing for many years, the results are often remarkable and exciting”. fulco pratesi honorary president of wwf italy risks and challenges this is not my first book project. we already worked with various book designer and publisher. our fulfilment program has been carefully planned so we are confident that we can deliver on our promises. please note that the specifications may be subject to minor design tweaks during the production process, but if there are any significant design changes or any unforeseen complications we will keep all backers informed via  Jimmy Fraud  and through our social media / subscriber network. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 