tionthere is no such thing as a lazy entrepreneur... each and every day you work hard in your business but i bet you are often left wondering why it’s a constant struggle to pay the bills each month... even though your accountant tells you that you’re making a decent "profit". the truth is, right now you are wasting time and money on tasks that don’t improve your bottom line or help you to pay yourself – let alone all the other people that you owe money to. you probably arrived at work, made a to do list, started at the top and worked your way down slowly. sometimes you tick everything off your list, but most of the time you don’t. and, if you don’t really know where your business is at   because you haven’t stopped to analyse your numbers and measure the overall health of your business   how do you determine which tasks are important and which are really just a waste of your valuable time ? for most of you, getting sidetracked by everyone else’s emergencies or stuff that doesn’t boost your bank account, is [conservatively] costing you around $50 an hour (or $400 a day). you may be asking yourself "what do i mean by that?" basically, your time is worth money and each task on your list brings you a certain hourly rate. some of your work today will put large amounts of cash in your bank account to pay the bills, while other things on your list (like checking social media, entering bookkeeping data, doing menial tasks that should be delegated to someone else, or spinning your wheels trying to fix an it problem etc.) bring in far less, or worse, cost you huge sums of money. in fact, as an owner and leader, every hour that you waste working on strategies or tasks that don’t increase your bottom line by the maximum rate that is possible for your skill level, is hurting your business more than you realize . and for those of you who have employees, these mistakes literally multiply across the team and are probably costing you much more than you think! just imagine – if your team lacks focus because they don’t know understand the impact of offering a discount or throwing something in the trash – isn’t it easy to see how a bunch of little mistakes here and there could easily add up to thousands of dollars of lost sales, profit and cash flow to you.? and remember, this is cash that you could use to pay your bills, re invest in your business, or better yet... take home as a pay increase for yourself. thankfully there is a simple way to stop wasting time/money and eliminate a whole bunch of unproductive stuff on your to do list. i want to give you the benefit of what i have learned in over 20 years of senior management roles and in working with (or presenting to) thousands of entrepreneurs. and i'm going to make it affordable, fun, easy and engaging! for years i had the perfect solution in my head. like most accountants, i created a series of sophisticated spreadsheets and used them to coach businesses just like yours. in this process, i learned two important things... 1. numbers, data and spreadsheets are not enough. you need to see the insights , so that you can take action . 2. accounting jargon and dashboards alone are not that helpful. you need for someone to explain where you’re at today, make it interesting and show you the best strategies you can implement to boost your results. so finally, i sat down and created an online system that could take all of your numbers and turn them into something that you can use, without having to get an mba or a degree in accounting. the result is – businest®. it’s the safest place to grow your business. businest® is not an accounting program – i am not going to bore or overwhelm you with more financial statements or numbers that mean nothing to you. businest® takes the information from your myob, quickbooks or xero account and turns it into key performance indicators, insights, tips, and strategies to grow your business profitably. through graphs, expert comments, articles, training and videos that are specific to your business and your numbers, i will show you how to grow your business, track your progress, set targets and communicate them effectively to your team. when i first started this project i was a 45 year old pregnant woman with no coding experience whatsoever. i wasn't exactly the "picture perfect ideal" of a tech start up founder. and as you can imagine, i struggled to get the bank and investors to take me seriously. therefore, we started small and i backed myself    not unlike what you probably did to start the venture that you are in right now. in fact, i did what 74% of you did (according to research by the government into funding sources for small business), i relied on personal savings and credit cards to build our first excel spreadsheet prototype. that initial version was a manual entry system    i taught my private 1 on 1 coaching clients how to enter their financial statement data each month (by hand) to get their dashboards and insights. we eventually took that product into the cloud and began to explore the concept of using artificial intelligence to teach the software how to recommend strategies and tips    essentially "coach" a business online. so far, every version has been beta tested and approved by my private small business coaching clients in australia. businest® software has always been an in house tool that i used exclusively with my private coaching clients. we did not advertise, promote or sell businest® as a stand alone coaching tool that could be used by business owners whom i had never met. however, i had a dream that i wanted to make businest® available for every small business owner   not just the ones who could afford private business coaching at $2500+ per month. but to do that, i knew that we needed to communicate and integrate seamlessly with the top accounting software brands in the world. in order to help more hardworking business owners like you, i needed to ensure that you could get your financial data into businest® quickly, automatically and accurately every month... without my help to show you how to input it manually. so, i made a big decision to take on two angel investors and to partner with a world class software firm, reinteractive, headed up by mikel lindsaar. their assistance in bringing this complex project to where it is now, has been invaluable. with their help, the finished product is scheduled to be launched in august for use by small business owners in australia, canada, usa, new zealand, south africa and britain. we are currently going through due diligence and security checks with xero and quickbooks to be formally listed on their approved apps and provider lists. we aim to be fully complete    integrated with myob, quickbooks and xero, all cash flow forecasting and what if modules in place, plus a comprehensive suite of powerful articles and video content by late august. none of this would have been possible without this network of amazing people who have been eager to help. and now i need one final push to help me cross the finish line. by backing businest®, you will be helping us to complete the software and testing so we can officially launch and offer this software to hardworking entrepreneurs like you. by funding my project, most of you will be pre ordering businest® (or one of my 3 best selling books) at a significantly reduced cost to help us get through the final stages. last year, less than 20% of the small businesses who needed external funding to grow (or stay alive), secured it from banks or investors. it's a disturbing statistic, isn't it? what this means is that there are literally millions of small businesses out there today who are doing it tough and in desperate need of cash to survive and thrive. that is exactly why i created businest®. right now, you may be struggling to pay your bills each month or perhaps you just need more capital to expand/grow? yes, you could look externally to grants, banks or investors for this capital but the truth is, if you have poor cash flow, you are not in a good bargaining position to negotiate a deal that is going to be good for you . the bank or investors are going to demand a large chunk of your equity or a high interest rate, when they look at your financial statements. generally, people will not lend you their money or invest, if you have proven that you did not manage your own money wisely. plus, it takes a lot of time and expertise to draw up a business plan or offering memorandum, complete the paperwork and find the right people to pitch to. the best, quickest and easiest way to get more cash into your bank account today is to learn how to boost your cash flow with businest® . when you learn how to fix your cash flow problems you accomplish two important goals: (1) you reap the rewards of seeing more cash in your bank account now when you need it most and (2) if you still require additional capital to grow, you will be able to negotiate a fair deal that involves you giving up the least amount of equity or interest . businest® will analyse your financial statements and identify key areas where you can make simple changes to the way that you operate your business to let more cash flow in, and less flow out. it's that simple. by investing in yourself today, and learning which strategies and systems will maximize cash flow, you can change the future of your business and take control of your own destiny. and if you have been operating for at least 2 years, chances are there will be several areas of your business where thousands of dollars of cash flow have become trapped. the good news is that the money is not lost   with the right strategies, you can unlock this cash in days (not months) and most of the action points we will recommend will not involve you having to spend money to go out and find new customers. it’s been an incredible few years and i thank you for watching our video and being a part of this initiative to help business owners   like you   pinpoint problems, focus your time, make better decisions and step up as leaders. my dream is to provide you with everything you need to grow your business and provide a better life for your family. when we launch in august 2016, businest® will be fully integrated with the most recognized accounting software brands in the world – myob, quickbooks and xero – so you can get set up and receive expert tips and strategies in less than 20 minutes. you will get a clear picture of where cash came in and also where it has gone out or gotten trapped. in addition to recommending proven and practical strategies to maximize profit and cash flow, we will also provide a detailed cash flow forecast and an easy to use "what if" tool   so that you can see the impact of every decision before you make it. these forecasting tools are fully automated so you don't have to download your information and play around with a huge excel spreadsheet anymore. businest® is much more powerful and accurate than a spreadsheet   plus, it will save you time and money. based upon my experience as a lawyer, chartered accountant, best selling author and business coach, i noticed that almost every business that fails (or is in trouble) has cash flow issues. however, these failures can easily be avoided by you, if you learn how to read and use the numbers in your financial statements. i created businest® so that you don’t have to get an mba or a degree in accounting to feel confident, make better decisions, generate a better return and earn a decent living to support your family. businest® is not an accounting package – it is an online coaching tool that provides a current financial health check for your business and shows you how to improve your results. in the past, you may have waited until the end of the year to meet with your accountant to discuss your results. unfortunately, it was probably too late to fix some of the issues. or you may have spent thousands on a business coach only to find that they focused primarily on sales and marketing    they may have helped you get more customers, but you still didn't generate enough cash flow to pay all your bills. and you were left wondering "what went wrong" and why their expensive advice didn't help you... and for those of you who have cash flow problems right now in your business, you need to understand why, and what you need to do to fix them (and prevent them from recurring again next month) . businest® will help you identify problems and opportunities, track your progress, set effective targets and implement proven strategies to improve your results. everything is presented to you in plain language with highly visual, one page dashboards and graphs. plus, you will receive step by step instructions to boost your results via articles, videos, webinars, templates and checklists. you can watch (and re watch) the specific training provided to you at any time of the day/night and via any device (laptop, tablet or even your phone). each dashboard is accompanied by expert comments, detailed training and coaching videos that show you how to grow your business by: • attracting more leads, • converting those leads into sales, • shortening your sales cycle, • maximizing the money you spend on marketing, • empowering your team, • building better systems so that your business operates smoothly, • monitoring your inventory, • collecting your debts quicker, • negotiating better rates with your suppliers, • dealing with team issues and a whole lot more! this is not a boring, number crunching exercise. businest® does all the heavy lifting for you by calculating everything you need to know automatically, thus freeing you up to focus 100% of your valuable time to learn what is working (and what isn’t) and take action . at the press of a button, businest® will read the information in your online myob, quickbooks or xero account, and automatically calculate your key performance indicators, show how they have trended over time and how much profit or cash flow you have generated. businest® will clearly show you where you have gone wrong and provide solutions (across sales, marketing, operations, finance, systems and human resources) to fix the problems so they don’t keep happening. as i’m sure you will agree – you don’t need more reports and spreadsheets to tell you that you have a cash flow problem in your business. you already know (or at lease suspect) there is something preventing you from being more successful   that is why you dread looking at your financials each month and why you probably are experiencing many sleepless nights worrying about being able to pay all your bills. businest® was designed to solve your cash flow problems   we simplify your numbers and deliver the insights and strategies you need to focus your time, ask better questions, make better decisions and achieve the results you deserve. we act as your coach or mentor, so that you can learn what you need to do in order to grow profitably and gain confidence as a leader. at the launch in august, businest® will be compatible with quickbooks online, xero and myob account right live. all of your financial data is imported automatically and specific business coaching tips are provided based on your numbers, your industry and your unique situation. please support our campaign and donate today. tell us and the world that you have contributed by using #businest and posting a link to this campaign in your social media platforms. if you belong to any business groups or forums on linkedin, facebook or twitter, please consider sharing this campaign and letting others know that exceptional business coaching is coming soon at an affordable monthly rate. please also consider sharing our campaign with bloggers, journalists and other business owners that share our values and vision. feel free to reach out and connect with me via social media   i can be found easily on facebook, twitter, linkedin and instragram. my life changed forever after my mother was murdered and my only sibling (and 3 sixteen year old boys), were arrested and convicted. in an instant, everything i thought i knew about my life and what was possible, changed. i was only 24 years old and at that pivotal moment, i found myself alone without a family... battling insomnia, depression and anxiety. the prognosis from the medical profession was not great – i distinctly remember the physician who attended to me in emergency on the night i found out my mother had been killed, saying that he thought i might struggle with depression for the rest of my life as the trauma to my nervous system was so severe. so, i did the only thing i could do to keep myself alive and sane... and i began to focus inward and dedicate myself to the pursuit of excellence and my career. i had always been successful in school and i knew that my career was a domain where i could find some sense of control, achievement and confidence. like many others who have been exposed to domestic violence, i hid my past and avoided talking about it. i didn’t want to share the details of my mother’s tragic death because i feared that people would judge me or think i was somehow “damaged” because of what had happened. over the years, i re built slowly from the ground up and unearthed within myself a courage and tenacity i never knew that i possessed. i made a complete recovery – physically, mentally and emotionally – despite what i was previously told by the medical profession. it was about this time when i began to re examine everything in my life and search for the meaning and purpose behind why i was here and how i could make a difference to the lives of others. i wanted to take the experiences and lessons i had learned and turn them into something that my mother and i could both be proud of. i also felt compelled to encourage and inspire others to leave their past and preconceived limitations behind them as well. i want to let everyone know that we are who we are because of, not despite, the challenges and adversity that we have experienced. my personal motto is – “it is never too late to become the person you were meant to be”. so despite my formal training and the fact i had already invested 12+ years in university and articling positions to become a lawyer and a chartered accountant, i did the unthinkable... i left my high paid job as commercial manager for one of the largest corporations in australia and discovered a passion for writing and sharing my knowledge with business owners. somewhere along the line, i also discovered that i had one very unique and important skill – a thing that set me apart from other coaches, speakers or trainers   a thing that i could do better than anyone else in the world. it’s the gift of simplicity . throughout my corporate career, i chose to specialize in the niche area of financials, corporate taxation and business improvement. where others found it boring, confusing or overwhelming, i loved it. it all made perfect sense to me. i could instinctively see how powerful and useful it was to be able to show people how to extract valuable insights from their numbers. i discovered that not only could i clearly see the patterns and the insights, but i also had the innate ability to reveal and teach this to others. where othr accountants, coaches or advisors might employ jargon, calculations or concepts that mean nothing to you, i use plain language and storytelling to get my point across and teach you what you need to know. i also know how to make it entertaining and educational. here is an example of how i break down complex financial concepts through the use of visuals and storytelling: you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 by sharing my analogies and real life client stories, i break even the most complex and intimidating concepts down into terms that you will feel immediately comfortable and familiar with. i have distilled the secrets to business success   that i learned from working in gm level roles with price waterhouse coopers, max factor, village cinemas, and coles group ltd.   and produced a simple step by step process that you can apply to your business to boost your sales and bottom line. i can help you put strategies in place to grow your bottom line and ensure that your customers would never think of going elsewhere. my intent in creating and building businest® was to develop a simple and effective tool that you can use to focus your time, grow your business safely, increase your confidence and step up as a leader. in some ways, it’s like a mini mba, but it is specific to your issues, your business and your progress over the time that we spend together. i recently became a mother. as you can imagine, this experience has brought a whole new level of focus and clarity to my life and my work/business. now more than ever, i realize how very precious time is as a commodity in all of our lives. in order for you to work smarter and create the optimal work/life balance, it is imperative to know where you are at and which of the things on your to do list is going to have the biggest impact on your bottom line and success. that’s where businest® comes in – my goal is to demystify your numbers so that you can ask better questions, make better decisions, get better results and step up as a leader. as part of my journey to motherhood, i also learned that when you are not getting the result(s) that you want, it makes sense to put your hand up and ask for help. that was a tough lesson for me to learn as i will confess, that i used to avoid asking for help. it’s not easy to admit that you don’t know how to do something or fix a problem. i’m sure some of you can relate to this statement – perhaps you are feeling unsure, shy or just plain uneasy about asking for help in your business? the truth is, the worst thing you can do is put your head in the sand or keep using the same tired old strategies (that aren’t working), and expect to get a different result. when you embarked on your business, you invested time to learn your specific trade – whether that be producing great food in your restaurant, designing logos or websites, cutting hair, retailing homewares, becoming a great tradesman, importing goods etc. business is no different – to be successful and grow your business profitably you need to learn how to read your financial statements, attract more prospects, turn leads into sales, maximize the return you get on your marketing spend, manage your team, set targets, deal with hr problems etc. and if you don’t have time to take a few years off and get formal training in running a business successfully, the easiest and most cost effective way to learn these skills is businest®. it’s ok to put your hand up and ask for help and we created businest® to make it easy for you to get answers to the specific questions and challenges that you have right now in your business. risks and challenges we estimate the final work and testing will be complete to launch businest® in late august, 2016. in order to put your mind at ease, we have drawn a line in the sand and promise businest® will be complete and open to all our successful campaign supporters on august 30, 2016. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 