he tesla of jeans" that was the headline that met us in the january 2018 edition of snews and as much as we can both understand and appreciate the comparison, this time, we'll tell the story our way... jeans made for travel dressing in swooshed or striped gym clothes when traveling? we totally get it, we used to do the same, but what if you could be just as comfortable in a pair of jeans? wouldn't that make you feel better? imagine being able to go directly to a meeting, head off to dinner or just relax under a starlit sky in a remote corner of the outdoors without having to focus on what you are wearing. you never have to "slip into something more comfortable" again... the aim with redew8   made for travel was exactly this, to be able to travel anywhere without having to change gear, still being ready for anything. life is short and if you, like we, want to be able to travel light and focus on the things that matter, like meeting new people, learning new things and experiencing new places on this only planet of ours, these jeans are for you. style & technology made for travel comes in two styles, where örn is more for those that feel like women and råk is mostly for men. both are sharp and updated fits with a slim silhouette. there are also two colours to choose from, indigo (=dark blue) and black. the yarns are dyed with stay colours, meaning that the jeans keep dark for longer. they will still fade and become beautiful with wear, but it just takes a lot longer. perfect for those that appreciate dark denim. on top of the fabric, we added the redew8 implode surface finish, for a slightly worn in feeling. the finish is a world 1st and we're disclosing how it's made, 'cause transparency is the way to push the development of jeans forward. today it's possible to make jeans that look rigid (ie. like non stretch, in our case like japanese enthusiast fabrics, often woven on old shuttle looms), but which offer a totally new level of comfort and mobility. technology has finally made the leap to make functional denim fabrics catch upp with style. 'cause if we mess with style, if redew jeans wouldn't fit, feel and look perfect and if they wouldn't boost your self esteem, then all the efforts would be in vain. in other words, the first thing we made sure was that redew8 ticks the box of style. more detailed facts below! open book in terms of sustainability, we've always been fighting for transparency and the open book is our transparency act, where we aim to tell you everything. we’re extremely proud to be able to incorporate epd® in our open book, an initiative by isko. epd® is a document used to communicate verified, transparent, and comparable information about the life cycle of products. the international epd® system is a global programme for environmental declarations based on iso 14025. please visit environdec to learn more about epd®s, and access isko’s epd® verified lca results for all of its products in the epd® database. being potentially the first denim brand on the planet to use it makes us proud. the epd® shows all the ingredients in the fabric, without any marketing wordings whatsoever. it’s simply the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. in our case, as we don’t like cutting corners, you will find that our fabrics are among the most sustainable in the world, but don’t take our word for it, please explore the epd®! you can find the epd® for redew8 made for travel fabrics here ! we also love the idea of swedish brand asket where, just like a table of content on food, they declare all the ingredients of the product and not only the country of production. as they put it: "if you’re not cutting corners, there’s nothing to hide”. we couldn’t agree more and in fact we momentarily decided to do add the same type of transparency as part of our open book. we’re not done yet, in fact we'll never be done as we’re always looking for new ways. for us, it's important to embrace and acknowledge great ideas no matter if they come from ourselves or competitors, as long as more brands can utilise them. after all, it's for the survival of earth and for the future of our grand children that we started redew8 in the first place. the reactivist global wear test during the redew8 reactivist global wear test, we had our jeans travel to 69 unique locations and 50 countries. more importantly, we see the journey as the goal and all these journeys by our reactivist's gave us big amounts of data which helped us to develop jeans made for travel. it's fair to say that many of these journeys are built into the jeans, the question is only how many additional trips and experiences you can add to the list. in terms of details, we've added an additional two belt loops, as we noticed that during some activities, a belt would not stay in it's in place with only five loops. we also adjusted the placement of the loops to maximise functionality regardless of activity. no matter of you ride a bike, horse, train or go climbing during lunch break, we promise that your belt will stay put. we also changed the layering of the yoke, so that if you have something in your backpockets, the yoke seam will help to prevent those items from falling out. it's not bullet proof, but irl, it definitely helps. the coin pocket has a rather distinct shape as it has been optimised for easy use. it means that you can actually get hold of whatever you have in there ('cause we know, it's mostly other things than coins), without having the stuff fall out during wear. every seam has been tested in various versions and we now have the strongest possible solution for every part of the jeans. for örn we already had a shaped waistband, which makes the fit better adapted to the waist/hip area and after getting input from our reactivist's, we also included a shaped waistband on råk. in general terms, it means that they "sit" better at the waist during activities and also while sitting down on the journey. in terms of how me make the product, it all starts two generations from now, with our grandchildren. 'cause it's really for them that redew8 exists. some claim that we are more of a movement than a denim brand, but in fact we are just that, a denim brand. we do make jeans. only difference is, we do it for reasons which seem to be alienating to most others in the industry. we collaborate with one of the foremost pattern constructors on the planet, gunilla from g form. the silhouette is slim for both örn and råk and though we're not much for gender specific jeans, örn is made more for those that feel like women and råk is mostly for men. redew8 örn implode surface made for those that feel more like women. the fabric includes 360* stretch with supreme recovery, meaning that if you are used to washing the jeans each and every day as they tend to get bagging out "knees", then this will totally change how you look at jeans. there is simply no need to wash them for this reason anymore! pictures are showing the indigo version, but there's also the black! signature detail: the coin pocket signature detail: the label, signed by the people that made them signature detail: the exclusive, pure copper button and embroidery signature detail: the subtle diamond stitch at the back pocket signature detail: the strongest seams, everywhere sharp and updated, the fit is slim/skinny and sits perfectly on a female body type, no matter if you are more straight or more curved. the 360* stretch means that they do not only adapt to daily life, but also to your body, making sure that they will last and become your favourite garment, to love and care for during many years ahead. they come in indigo as below (worn fitted) and black. when it comes to size, it can be tricky to order online, we know. but rest assured that if there are any jeans that fit like you expect them to, these are the ones, thanks to the 360* stretch. generally speaking, don't be afraid to order the same size as you're used to or even a size smaller! redew8 råk implode surface mostly for men. the fabric includes 360* stretch with supreme recovery, while still keeping the look of a rigid fabric, with an open twill line. pictures are showing the black version, but there's also the indigo! signature detail: the coin pocket signature detail: the label, signed by the person that made them signature detail: the exclusive, pure copper button and embroidery signature detail: the subtle diamond stitch at the back pocket signature detail: the strongest seams, everywhere sharp and updated, the fit is slim/skinny and fits most men perfectly. the 360* stretch means that they do not only adapt to daily life, but also that they follow your every move. use them for travel, work and for enjoying life. we hope that they will become your favourite garment, to wear and enjoy for during many years ahead. they come in indigo (=dark blue) as on the picture below (worn fitted) and in black. the fabric is approx 13 oz in weight. råk fits true to size, as a slim (on the skinny side). if you want a more relaxed fit, just go up a size. the technical stuff stay dye means that they keep dark for much longer, so you can use them both in daily life and during travel, no matter if you do creative stuff in a studio or take pictures of whales from a helicopter. 360* stretch combines organic cotton (gots certified) with recycled pet bottles (post consumer) spun into a polyester yarn and a touch of lycra. this mix is used both in warp and weft directions, meaning that they fit perfectly no matter which body type you are and no matter what activity you're up for. implode surface is a subtle pre worn finish. enough to make them feel great from day one, but dark enough to wear in the city. the finish doesn't weaken the fabric, instead it saves water, energy and chemicals. a world first by redew8 for which we share the know how openly. step 1: add an almost nano thin layer on to of the fabric (using sustainable chemicals from neachimica, italy) step 2: fix it with laser (we use lasers from jeanologia, spain) step 3: clean up the excess of the layer (ie. the non fixed parts) during pre shrinking and clean the drained water (we use machines from tonello, italy) the button was made in collaboration with metalbottoni from italy. we went back approx 11 000 years in time to find the true origins of copper and what we found was a much more sustainable way of making it than today. after some engineering, a button in 100% pure copper was successfully developed, finished without galvanisation. not only does it age in a beautiful way, it's also the most recycling friendly denim button ever made. the redew8 tee   show your support! at redew8, we will continue to push for new techniques and jeans that are more advanced while still being transparent about sustainability. if you want to show your support, please add a t shirt to your order. we need more reactivist's and more people that spread the word of redew8! not to mention that the tee it self is really good looking garment, made from 100% organic cotton (gots certified). the tee has a subtle stripe at chest and you have the option of white (below) and black (no picture) colour. the fit is slim/regular and fits true to size. we don't really do gender, so our tee's fit both women and men. we priced the tee at sek 400 and it comes in sizes s, m, l and xl. the founders redew8 is based on the common belief that our grandchildren should have a chance to see all the beauty of this planet the same way as we do, today. the jeans is the tool for making this possible. anders haglund, ceo is an outdoor enthusiast with a background in that same industry, for decades. market strategy entrepreneur with years of experience från small business development. from opening the local climbing shop in the early 1990's to running wholesale operations, before moving on to brand manager for helle in norway. keen skier, retired climber and with a love for traveling to almost any destination as long as nature is present. peter lantz, creative has been in the heart of the denim industry since the late 1990's, working for the biggest verticals (h&m) and the biggest corporations (vf) on a global level. after spending some years abroad, peter returned to sweden where he currently resides mostly in the countryside outside eskilstuna, but also in the capital stockholm. driven by the love of denim and the future of the planet, he leads the creative part and the product development of redew8. apart from south america, all the continents are decently well covered by this frequent traveller. snowboarder that sometimes rides a silly looking bicycle, drives an electric car and prefers train to flights. risks and challenges we're working with a very trustable supply chain, which is your guarantee that the jeans will be produced in the best possible way. you can even find the people we work with in the project description. thanks for supporting us! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 