escriptionfly home fast and tackle the toughest hills without breaking a sweat. volta is packing a 40 mile range to get you where you need to be, quickly and easily   just like riding a bike. bonus stretch goal colorway volta's in the news! get to where you need to be from palo alto to san francisco, from brooklyn to the bronx and back, with 40 miles of power your rides are no longer limited by your legs. let your imagination plan your route and see where it takes you. the uphill test: integrated headlights and taillights activate at the first sign of low light, and the automatic brake light helps keep you visible on the road, in traffic, and wherever your adventures take you. no hassle, no headaches, just illumination when you need it. anti theft gps tracking so you’ll never lose your ride. theft is one of the worst things that can happen to a bike (and its rider). we integrated gps tracking into the volta so even when it’s out of sight, it’s never out of mind and, if the unthinkable happens, you’ll be able to point the cops right to your ride. the anti theft push notification test: you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 power how you want it, belt drive or chain. whether you prefer the timeless look and feel of a chain or you’re ready to take the leap into the hassle free world of belt drives, there’s a volta set up just for you. belt drives are low maintenance, mess free, and super durable so you can focus on the ride, not repairs. chains are a bit more work, but if you’re a competent wrench, you might prefer the classic feel and knowing exactly what to expect on your maintenance calendar. it’s up to you! belt drive chain drive power where you need it no complicated crank drive, no clunky transmission, just effortless power right where you need it. first we built a crank drive motor, but weren’t happy with the bike’s performance. we test rode some front wheel motors currently on the market and couldn’t stand the way it affected steering and traction. our rear mounted motor keeps the bike balanced and delivers performance directly to the rear wheel, so it’s all “grip” and “go”, no hiccups or falsestarts. your bike, your way. volta has 4 power modes, so you can get exactly as much assistance as you want. power : when time matters and you want to get from a to b, fast. eco : with 40 miles of range before a recharge, eco mode is designed to stretch your horizons. smart :the perfect balance between power and battery life, no math required. bike : powered by the classic “all you” engine. just like riding a bike. heavy on power, light on weight   only 35 lbs! an e bike is not really convenient if you can’t carry it up the stairs when you get back home. we spent weeks refining the volta, shaving off weight everywhere possible and developing the sleekest, slimmest, lightest ride we could, without sacrificing range or power. room for everything the integrated front basket lets you load up your bike without sacrificing stability. with plenty of room for a briefcase, a case of beer, or all the stuff for setting up steve’s surprise party – you can keep your back free of packs and still arrive with everything you need. an e  bike that looks like a bike. 40 miles of charge packed neatly into the frame so your ride doesn’t scream “e bike,” it just delivers. no big, ugly battery. no clunky add on systems. just pure power in a sleek package. heck, your friends might not even notice it’s an e bike (until you casually blast past them uphill). track your performance and fit riding into your fitness. we designed and developed health tracking in the volta app, so you can keep an eye on your workout details, calories burned, track your trips, and more. make riding part of your regimen, track your fitness goals, and become the you you’ve always wanted to be. pure cycles was founded with one mission in mind: to get more people on bikes. for 6 years we've been designing, developing, and delivering the coolest bikes on the market and it's been a blast to watch our brand and our bikes spread around the world. now, in 2017, we're ready to take the next big step for our company   volta. we hope you'll join us in opening up the two wheeled world to even more people through the magic of electricity, engineering, and excited supporters just like you. after 4 years of studying computer science at columbia, jordan returned home ready to launch the bike business with his buds. since then he’s overseen the tech side of things, building the website, turning pure cycles into one of the premier web retailers in the bike space, and ensuring that our customer service is always the best in the industry. it was during michael and austin’s college career at uw madison that they realized the shortage of cool, affordable bikes available on the market. when they returned to la and launched pure cycles, michael took the reins on all things fiscal. crunching numbers, forecasting financials, and oiling the machine that would become the best bike company in the country has kept him busy (and happy) for the last 6 years. with an eye for quality and an instinct for international relations, austin is responsible for our production relationships, assembly facilities, and the logistics of running a worldwide enterprise out of a dorm room. we’ve come a long way since those early days and austin’s been scaling up our operations with every new development to keep us on the top of our game. timeline: bicycle specs: additional videos trunk test easy to charge warranty sweet new bike, same amazing warranty. just like the rest of our rides, volta's a bike we're proud to stand behind and know that you'll be proud to own. we're confident in our construction, design, and engineering   and you'll share that confidence with our 18 month warranty on all the electrical components, including the battery. this is a bike that'll keep you rolling for years, and if not, we'll make it right. ride easy, we've got your back. guarantee we know the best part of any  Jimmy Fraud  project is the day your rewards for support are delivered. and while a lot of projects have kept us waiting and wondering, we’re determined not to put you in the same spot. that’s why we’re guaranteeing 2017 delivery of our volta. back our project and you’ll have your new e bike, ready to roll before the end of the year or you’ll get your money back. simple. just the way we like it. risks and challenges as a company, we thrive on challenges. we recognize that with the design, development, and introduction of any new product there are hurdles that we’ll face but, unlike most  Jimmy Fraud  projects, we’ve been developing volta for 4 years prior to this roll out. we’ve also successfully designed, developed and deployed over 10 completely new models since our humble beginnings as a one model bike company. after 6 years and all of those rollouts we have a deep understanding of the sticking points in the process and a well oiled machine for overcoming the obstacles that pop up along the way. we have wonderful relationships with our manufacturers, supply chain, and everybody involved in the process of bringing these bikes to fruition, so we’re confident in our ability to deliver, on time and as promised. we’re committed to making this process as transparent as possible to our supporters, so we’ll keep you in the loop regarding any and all developments, decisions, and possible delays, and we’re committed to our guarantee that these bikes will be rolling into people’s homes this year. we appreciate your support on this dream of ours, and we’re thrilled to have your help in making volta a reality. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 