one to a grudge match and win, the loser must agree to do whatever the challenger says. a grudge match a day keeps the scumbags away #betruetoyourself are you sick and tired of being bullied, taunted, disrespected by cowardly people behind their screens?! support our project and spread the word about our noble project. you know what i’m talking about… while you're doing you, being yourself, nosy judgemental people stick their two cents in. sometimes they go too far and make it personal. the next time they do, be ready to draw a line in the sand with a grudge match challenge. it’s time to lay the smackdown on these fools! (like the patriots did to the seattle seahawks in the superbowl. that’s right, i went there! don’t like it? challenge me to a grudge match!   dave) cowards behind screens #badparents we all know them... the social justice warriors, the people that always post the most aggravating controversial stuff just to pick a fight. they act like they do everything perfect and have perfect little lives. the people who hijack your own posts with their garbage. you may say "merry christmas" and they're like "oh you're racist". or you talk about a cool sniper movie you enjoyed and they're all "that guy was a homicidal maniac." or you pour some ice over your head and they're all "this isn't helping anyone". enough!! a society issue #seriousbusinessforasec every second, someone's being bullied, torn down, insulted, attacked, or slandered by some person hiding behind a screen. whatever trash gets thrown at you, you have to deal with it. tragically, many can't deal with it. it's one of the most frustrating parts of our modern culture. grudge match addresses this massive problem by shifting the negative emotion in another direction. back in the “old days” #getoffmylawn back in the 90's, there was a show called grudge match. it took real conflict and put people in an arena where they could hash out their differences in a fun and sporting manner. the end result is that they got their frustrations out and had a chance of moving on with life   usually with a stronger relationship. guess who’s back, back again? #createdamonster we are taking the concept of the grudge match show and bringing it back like missy elliott to solve a modern day problem. we're starting with a video game that's so easy, anyone can pick up and play it. later this summer, we will be launching a pilot of the rebooted grudge match tv show, with some awesome tie ins to the game. in success, we will turn grudge match into a full fledged esport. but that will come later. grudge match game is.. #itsnotyouraveragegame 1) a way to turn the tables on cowardly internet trolls, bullies, and hate mongers 2) a way to put old arguments or bad feelings to bed 3) a way to let out some of your negative emotions in a constructive way 4) a fun way to say i'm sorry (in a reverse grudge match challenge) the team #epicpostershot theteam rich melcombe (50+ tv shows, 500+ episodes, 5 movies) kai zeh (300+ game titles, streaming master) dave young (game dev guru, community evangelist, problem solver) bob dunphy (directed 1200+ boxing matches, 900+ championship fights) insanely talented artists, musicians, and developers. guys like eric barth (eb), emmanuel (shotiris), robert boles (xdust), juan (juaxix), shaderman, walt (arcanor), vladimir each one of the developers had to code their way out of a paper bag as a test to get on the team. why we're making the grudge match game #doweneedareason? pssst. sign up at our website for our weekly news update reason 1: there's a real, urgent need for it. #thisispersonal the internet has so many great things about it, but it has a dark side too. one of the absolute worst things about it is that it enables people to not be held accountable for their words or deeds. they can hide behind their keyboards and touchscreens and show no humility. morals and ethics take a back seat to terrible behavior. we have all seen way too many wars take place on twitter, facebook, and many forums. the intensity builds up, shots are fired, everyone gets mad, and then take all that anger into the "real world". until now, there were no consequences. reason 2: we love to make games that are fun. #gottabefun grudge match is a round and match based moba (multiplayer online battle arena). built for both casual and deep strategic skill based game play, grudge match offers a wide range of abilities and customization. elemental based weapons & abilities add a level of strength and weakness exploitation to the game experience. this project started out as a "group project". in the game development world, that's what happens when people who have known eachother for awhile decide to each donate some time to a common project they can all get into. this kind of game development project is a whole lot of fun for developers. it's challenging, and requires a lot of skillsets. reason 3: we want to tie a game to an tv show, and vice versa. #canyousayinteractivetv can you imagine being so good at a video game that you get to go on a tv show for an interview, or show off your skills? or maybe your grudge challenge is so unique that we decide to invite you to the live arena for a real world physical grudge match. or being able to vote on the next obstacle that shows up in an arena. the grudge match game will contain some really innovative tie ins to the tv show that have never been done before. reason 4: we think good players should be rewarded. #allyourbaseisbelongtous as the "esport of retribution" gains momentum, we will be actively looking for ways for players to "go pro". people who are good at this game should be able to earn money playing it. that's what an esport is all about. how long will it take to make? it won't take a couple of days, but it's actually pretty quick for a project of this scope. with the cooperation of some clever bean counters, we have prepared a project budget and timeline. we are happy to discuss any line item. stretch goals grudge match has a strategic plan in place to launch as an esport that goes beyond the funding of the game. any pledge money received passed our funding threshold will go into building grudge match sports. as this campaign reaches incremental milestones, we will add new rewards. we are grateful for your support. you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 platforms #boringdetailsyaddayadda grudge match will launch as a web based and mobile 1v1 pvp game and will expand to encompass team vs.team and more. after our initial release on mobile, we will follow up with releases on windows, mac, linux, and steam. unique matchmaking #thisisverydifferent in addition to traditional pvp competition, our insanely unique matchmaking system allows you to compete against players for personal reasons or beliefs. with our exclusive challenge meme, you can lay down the challenge to any punk you find on the internet:a forum troll, twitter bully, ex boyfriend, or spineless facebook comment blaster. keep an eye on our updates for some pretty awesome ways to lay down a grudge match challenge, including full video challenge support and reverse challenging. user mods and content #nerdproblems grudge match will be designed from the ground up to be modifiable by user generated content. players will be able to think up insane ideas, and we will find a way to get them into the game. let your imagination run free. in our game, fantasy rules & anything goes. we’re going to set up the framework to create any kind of ability, weapon, effect, theme, map, costume, or customization that makes sense to add to the game. a rules committee – officiated by players & grudge match sports    will govern the core game to make sure it remains intact and balanced. be yourself or create a persona. you don't need to play grudge match as yourself, you can be someone anonymous or create and grow your own persona. throw down a challenge. challenge is sent via twitter or challenge meme and appears on grudge match universe, our streaming service target has 48 hours to respond or forfeit. target can fight back, select someone to defend their honor, or someone can step in to act as a champion don’t have someone right this moment who needs a beatdown? do not dismay! we’ll match you up. grudge match will follow social chatter of current events, and the game will connect you immediately to a player who has an opposing view each grudge match will have 3 one minute rounds with a small period of time set aside for trash talking. for the first two rounds, each player takes turns selecting the arena, theme, and any other rules which govern each round. the game determines who gets to pick in the final round to the victor, go the spoils #whoisvictorandwhyishespoiled each grudge match will be worth a number of fixed grudge coins, which are rewards & can be used as currency (see grudge coin chart below). the grudge match audience will be able to reward or penalize the combatants by a 50 percent    increase or decrease    margin in grudge coin – based on the combatant’s game play. in addition, the audience may instantly "tip" one or both players – at any time – while viewing the match or replay of the match the greatest reward goes to the winner. the loser must agree to do whatever the challenger says. #justgivemethenumbahsbro grudge match players will each have the following stats by default. different abilities or items can change this number. most of these stats can be permanently raised. when you are first building your persona, you can choose to adjust these points up/down to create the kind of player you’re most interested in playing. if you don't care about stats or numbers, you don't need to even touch these and you'll still have a good time playing! health: if your health gets down to 0 (or below) the round is over and you’ve lost. health recharges very slowly on its own, but can be replenished with the help of something else. starts at 100 energy: every time you attack, you use a little energy. energy does recharge slowly on its own. certain abilities also use energy, and more powerful weapons/attacks use up more energy than others. when you are very low on energy, you move a little slower. be careful how you spend your energy. starts at 100 attack: this stat controls how well you attack, and the higher your attack score the more damage you do as well. some items require a minimum attack level. starts at 100 defense: this stat dictates how well you defend from attacks, as well as how much damage you avoid. a higher armor score means a better chance of staying in the round longer. starts at 100 speed: this stat controls how fast you move, as well as how quickly you recover from performing actions and attacks. a lower speed means you move very slowly. reducing an opponent’s speed is a great strategy to give you an edge in combat! starts at 100. elementals: each player has a stat for every element in the game. this indicates how familiar the player is with that element, and helps with dealing damage as well as reducing damage from elemental attacks expect all the traditional weapons you’d expect to find in a free flowing combat game, and add a few more! there will also be various special editions of many of the weapons, like fire, ice, acid, and lightning. #thegoodstuff here are some examples of abilities we have planned for the game: heal : heals 10 points of damage invisible: causes you to disappear for 10 seconds. you can run around and use items/abilities while invisible, but you cannot attack. if you attack or are somehow damage while invisible, the effect is cancelled and you become visible again rush: causes you to move much faster than you normally would for a brief amount of time shield: raises your defense stat for a brief time health to energy: trades some of your health for energy energy to health: trades some of your energy for health invigorate: raises your maximum health for the duration of the round enervate: raises your maximum energy for the duration of the round fury: raises your attack stat for a brief time fire shield: decreases the damage you take from fire for a brief time ice shield: decreases the damage you take from cold for a brief time acid shield: decreases the damage you take from acid for a brief time lightning shield:decreases the damage you take from lightning for a brief time reflect: reflects some damage back to your opponent every time you are wounded by them elemental focus: causes the player to raise one element stat dramatically, while all others are decreased smackdown #holdmybeer and sometimes, you just want to lay some serious smackdown. examples: blast (fire, ice, acid, lightning): launches an elemental attack at your enemy, can be dodged wall (fire, ice, acid, lightning): creates a raised structure that can be gone through, but will inflict elemental damage wall: creates a raised structure that cannot be gone through freeze: freezes your opponent for a brief time poison: causes your opponent to suffer damage every few seconds for a brief time #youknowyouwantto certain premium abilities will be available for purchase with grudge coin. here are some examples: stat raise: permanently raises a stat by 1 element: permanently raise an element stat by 1 major stat raise: permanently raise a stat by 10 major elemental raise: permanently raise an element stat by 10 while players can improve their stats by purchasing grudge coin, they cannot buy player level game status, which can only be achieved through game play. grudge coin grudge coin is our virtual currency that will be used throughout grudge match sports. besides players using it for tournaments, game advantages, virtual goods, music & sound effects, grudge coin will be used by spectators for betting (where it is legal), to "tip" players for their game play, or to financially support their favorite players. you also earn grudge coin through various activities. here is an example of some of the ways to earn and spend grudge coins. accept a grudge: reward 1 hire a champion to fight in your place: cost 25 1000 win a match: (minimum point levels enforced to prevent abuse) reward 50 lose a match: (minimum point levels enforced to prevent abuse) reward 5 win a round: (minimum point levels enforced to prevent abuse) reward 25 lose a round: (minimum point levels enforced to prevent abuse) reward 5 buy a class 1 item: weapon, armor, ability or one time use item. cost 5 25 buy a class 2 item: weapon, armor, ability or one time use item. cost 100  150 buy a class 3 item: weapon, armor, ability or one time use item. cost 30 80 buy a class 4 item: weapon, armor, ability or one time use item. cost 150 300 buy a class 5 item: weapon, armor, ability or one time use item. cost 400 1500 unlock map theme: cost 250   5,000 buy a persona: special release custom personas. cost 250 10,000 buy a show bundle: contains all of the items from tv show. cost 500 permanent stat bonus: cost 100 karma clear: remove some negative honor points. cost 50 karma taint: add negative honor points & become instant villain. cost 100 log on to gmtv: second screen sign on. reward 5 tip a combatant: tipping a combatant while watching a match. cost 1 share a grudge: share a grudge description on fb/twitter. reward 15 social share reward: visitor sees a grudge match you shared/promoted. reward 1 #tobeornottobe a persona is a dossier of who are. your identity is confidential. you can be a fictitious character….or yourself. once a persona is created, you own it, and have the ability to trade it if you so desire. personas increase in ability and power as you play, especially if you win. for this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we created a limited number of personas for pledges…so select your persona, make a pledge, and you own the rights to this persona forever. a custom persona list for our  Jimmy Fraud  rewards will be added soon. arena examples: original universal city grudge match arena roman coliseum black forest stage examples: tight ring (standard roped ring) field (with obstacles) map (small map with obstacles & structures) gauntlet (narrow & long playing field) towers theme examples: urban medieval western apocalyptic sci fi rainbow overkill frozen planet inferno music every grudge match should be different. from the arena/stage/theme combination to the music. here are some of the music options we have planned: fight anthems grudge match band hip hop (available on our "artist" platform) pop music (available on our "artist" platform) new artist (available on our "artist" platform) upload own music effects weapon sounds cartoon select from own library while grudge match will come with built in music & sound effect choices from some of world’s top composers, we are going to build a new music platform – "artist"    specifically designed for gamers who want to express themselves and create their own brand. with artist, gamers will be able to import songs from their library, buy music from itunes, tap into spotify, or select one of our indie artists to produce a remake of a song. indie artists will be able to use our automated submission platform to upload & promote their music, as well as share in the success of their music or sound effects. users will be able to vote up or down new music, and spectators will be able to "tip" their favorite artists with grudge coin. to give you a taste of the game play & vengeance inducing action you will experience with grudge match, we will release a preview version of the game to play sometime during this  Jimmy Fraud  using your desktop web browser. hopefully, this will get your creativity juices flowing, and you can take care of a few long standing grudges as well. you can start dreaming up new things to add to the game by using the feedback options we build in. we will take some of these ideas and incorporate them into the initial release. we will keep the web version up for beta play as long as we can. this will let you play the game at your own risk and see some of the new features we are working on. livedev #doingitinpublic as soon as the preview game has been tested and all major problems resolved, we will release the game on closed beta access on the ios and android platforms. this should happen sometime soon after the end of the  Jimmy Fraud . throughout this process – during & after the  Jimmy Fraud  has ended    you will have the opportunity to participate in various livedev sessions, game developer interviews and qa sessions, and design sessions. this will be your opportunity to chat with us directly and have your ideas be heard. of course, we will also always be available through the traditional support channels, and the feedback page on our website. if your content, song, idea, or whatever gets used, you will know about it and we will tell everyone that you were the person who made the improvement possible. this is our commitment to you. bully buster #somethingnearanddear the grudge match game will offer an area for people who have been bullied – publicly or anonymously – to fight off their attacker. players will give us a description of their bully, and the game will create a persona to play against. the common denominator of most bullies seems to be their lack of empathy or understanding, and since one cannot reason with bullies, take them into the grudge match and release your feelings. feel the satisfaction of being able to defend yourself. know that...it really doesn’t matter what anyone thinks, and that our community will be there to support you. every pledge level will automatically receive the equivalent amount of virtual currency (grudge coins). all  Jimmy Fraud  pledges will receive a 100% bonus to their first purchase of grudge coins when the game is released. pledge early & often. throughout this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign, we will be adding & deleting rewards. if you can think up a cool reward we have not imagined, let us know. selection lists to claim specific abilities, powers, or virtual goods will be attached here soon. here are other pieces of grudge match sports you should know about while this  Jimmy Fraud  is for the game only, we have put together a comprehensive business plan, raising outside capital, and will announce soon some of our strategic partners. home to grudge match sports, universe is the streaming platform for everything grudge match, and it is where the game & tv show meet. universe – designed for gamers by gamers – will be built to maximize a user’s experience. grudge match players can come: watch live game competitions & analyze previous ones view grudge match sports cafe, and hear analysis from gaming experts & other gamers on the grudge match game & tv show review personas & get statistics on every gamer take user generated strategy tutorials & attend grudge match university share strategies, trash talk & gossip in forums buy virtual goods & boosting game code/software find challengers, throw down challenges, or come with a friend challenger & compete don’t have a challenger? universe will instantly match you up with someone you disagree with by either your persona or profile. grudge match follows topical events through social media, and will match you with someone who has an opposing view of a current event receive live, streamed episodes of the grudge match tv show, and all ancillary show content grudge match television    100% real kick ass action we wouldn't be doing the project justice if we didn't tell you a bit more about the tv show. you can consider this a grudge match reboot! check out some of the clips from the original show: you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 from the moment we enter the grudge match arena and see a raucous crowd of thousands of fans cheering…grudge match…grudge match…grudge match…our camera will zoom in on the band’s singer/dj – a pissed off, sultry, cocky rebel female oozing with attitude engulfed by moody fog & pulsating lights…as she energetically chants "grudge match" at the top of her lungs…pumping up the crowd’s repetitive chorus… to let fans immediately know that they are in for an hour of smash mouth sports entertainment    grudge match style. directed by bob dunphy, one of the world’s foremost boxing & mma’s directors, grudge match will be a sporting event that features "grudges" where two people    amateurs, sports figures or celebrities    physically challenge or humiliate each other to settle a dispute on stage – in front of a live crowd – in either a boxing ring, hexagon, or free form run of the arena. grudge match is a cross between judge judy, mma & professional boxing. real people, real disputes, real revenge. these grudges will be authentic, relatable, powerful and explosive. grudge match will air live on a national cable network & streamed on grudge match universe for the world to witness. may the best person win! each grudge match will have its own strategic weak & strong points, and possible mystery/surprise traps (secretly selected beforehand by the combatants) that can tip the match balance. spectators will be able to add different obstacle twists too unknowingly to our combatants. gamers will get in on the action too. every tv show will 2 3 video game competitions featuring the current top ranked grudge match "pro" gamers who will square off in live games. they will have their own entourages cheering them on. interspersed between grudge matches will be video & trash talking from our grudge match mobile/console games competitions. grudge match will be the ultimate sporting experience that will capture the hearts and passion of gamers & sports fans.…"grudge match…grudge match…grudge match…" interactive tv #thisissocoolicanteven there will be a grudge match tv companion ("second screen") app embedded in the game that will sync with each grudge match tv show and offer viewers: behind the scenes access features to bet & tip grudge coin, vote/poll & trash talk instant statistics & off air commentary different camera angles discounts & coupons from our sponsors coordinated advertising (between tv & mobile) esport development we will be growing our grudge match game into an esport, and building in elements of this from day 1. current esport problems: perception    competition & not a sport too many games lack of sponsorships our solution: work with reputable game developers and a national sports network on creating a true sport game built within a sports infrastructure & governing body open community    games & spectators have a voice offer sufficient prize money, rewards & sponsorships organize local, regional, national & global tournaments media investment    game, tv show, streaming platform we want to build a community and get input to create and deliver the best experience possible. after reviewing the global market, and reading countless game dev posts (reddit, linkedin, google +, quora, etc.), we felt the most efficient way to tell our story and reach developers, gamers, and companies who love and understand games, interactive tv & esports is through  Jimmy Fraud .  Jimmy Fraud  is the first step in the commercialization process of our game. we are not going to solve the world's problems, but we're going to build a game that gives people the satisfaction of personal justice. in this game, you are the star player. we need your help to create the greatest vehicle for sweet revenge. thank you. we look forward to your feedback. go to grudgematchsports.com to sign up for our newsletter and weekly updates. contact us at grudgematchsports@gmail.com rich, dave, kai, bob, and the grudge match development team! risks and challenges development & technology challenge can we do this? we think so! while we are creating an esport around an existing brand, grudge match – at its core – is a technology driven startup that is re imaging how to creatively build a sport that includes competition, storytelling, and fantasy. there are always complexities and considerations in a project of this scope that may cause delays. we will do everything we can to mitigate these risks in advance. from our past experience, the key is to clearly define the project deliverables, and to hire qualified people & companies that have been doing this kind of work for many years. rewards fulfillment risk our goal is to get you your reward as soon as possible. however, with some of our rewards, we will be dealing with third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will be delivered to you according to the specified timeline, but we will keep you up to date if there are any delays. like fedex and ups, we will be offering an automated tracking system of your reward. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 