ho are we? we are a collective who believes that creative collaboration is the strongest asset in the art and business of filmmaking. our philosophy celebrates the idea that, by harnessing the voices and talents of many, movies & television are the most democratic & wide reaching art form of our time. with this in mind, we have gathered together six unique production teams that will be creating six different short films, each exploring a different aspect of love, together in one anthology. the six teams each consist of one writer/director, one producer, and two actors, and in the spirit of collaboration, the teams will be helping one another out with different aspects of their production process. where do you fit in? the final key to the filmmaking process is audience support. it is for you that we strive to make art that matters, which touches people, and brings them together to consider questions about why we are here and what it means to human. for all these reasons, we have created this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign to unite our audience members with the filmmakers, and involve them in the entire production process from start to finish. please consider becoming a part of our team and investing in the future of young filmmakers, who want the support of their audience as they realize and share their vision with the world! thanks to your support, we've already reached our minimum  Jimmy Fraud  goal of $6,000! we can't thank you enough! but, this is just the amount of funding it will take to record our stories at a minimal production value. how will the additional funding be utilized? surpassing a stretch goal of $18,000 will allow us properly pay our fantastic crews, gain the legal permits necessary for shooting safely on location, and afford higher quality cameras & equipment rentals for a better looking final film. achieving our ultimate stretch goal of $30,000 will allow all six films to create the most professional level product possible, and reach the widest audience. the additional funds will allow us to cover the cost of some absolutely incredible practical and special effects, afford top of the line cameras & equipment, and enhance the overall look and feel of each short film by utilizing the very best resources that the film & television industry has to offer. but, before we ask for you to invest in the success of our project, we'd like to tell you a little more about each of the short films, and the collaborators that make up love stories . the films a los angeles couple takes a morning run. things get complicated when their commitment to the relationship is threatened by their expectations of one another. starring: aglaja amadò & dan pfau written & directed by flora burns: flora burns is a writer and director living in los angeles. flora attended the university of virginia, where she received a degree in art history and economics, before moving to the west coast to get a tan. two lovers tangled together in organized crime set up the score of their lives, but are torn between their loyalty to each other when greed comes into play. starring: kiki salcido & devyn labella written & directed by lucas taylor lopez: lucas taylor lopez lucas taylor lopez is a self taught director, having worked on a wide variety of film sets to learn from hands on experience. a native new yorker, lucas spent thousands of hours watching films of all genres to develop his taste for specificity of environment, before coming to studio 4 to hone his vision. he currently resides in los angeles. a violent gangster and his drug cartel are taken down when his ex girlfriend walks into the dea to casually vent about their relationship troubles. based on the true story of playboy jimmy cournoyer, out of business chronicles the fall of the biggest pot dealer in new york city history. starring: keith bramlette & charlotte gleason written & directed by bobby brodney: bobby brodney bobby brodney is a southern california native with a passion for the arts. after graduating from uc davis in northern california, he was invited to attend the edinburgh theater festival, where his imagination for performance and direction were greatly expanded. when he's not focused on directing & performing, bobby can be found volunteering for political campaigns, spending time with friends, and reading. a static and boring young couple, zoe and mia, live a happy yet normal life together, when zoe begins taking a prescription pill with unexpected side effects. invigorated by the newfound creativity they share, mia begins videotaping their trance like experiences, falling in love with the new version of zoe who appears only at night. starring: nikki lorenzo & francesca eaddy written & directed by sarah scarlett downing: sarah scarlett downing sarah scarlett downing left duke university this past summer, where she was pursuing a doctorate in literature, moving to los angeles to write and direct films. a graduate of vassar college, it is sarah's intention to combine her analytical and creative backgrounds to make films that incite a dialogue on matters of social and political justice, both of which are particular passions of hers. when an insecure young actress moves to los angeles in hopes of pursuing her dream, she's lured into a vicious circumstance by a manipulative producer. what follows is a horrific ordeal, through which she learns to love herself. starring: leah haile & aaron cavette written & directed by nicholas anthony bird: nichloas anthony bird was born and raised in upland, california, before moving to the east coast to study filmmaking. he majored in cinema with an emphasis on directing and a minor in writing, while at columbia film school. focused on creating powerful, female driven content, he moved back to california to study at one of the best acting schools in the country, playhouse west, honing his skills as a director by understanding actors more fully. a passionate relationship between a 20 year old man and an older woman in her 40's gets shaken to the core when he finds out that's she's in the middle of making a decision that will either take her career to new heights, or end their relationship. starring: shelly das & michael james thomas written & directed by pamela matew carbonero: pamela matew carbonero pamela first discovered her talent for directing when she was a senior in high school. after graduating with her bachelors in tv, film and media studies, she's learned the ins and outs of the industry and has developed her own distinctive voice over the past nine years. she hopes to use her passion for storytelling to serve as a leader in the film & television industry, as well as be a strong voice for women and latinos worldwide. the visuals love stories has two fantastic directors of photography helping us bring all six of our directors visions to fruition: nick harris, our dp at large, has over 10 years of experience, working as a dp, camera and steadicam operator with a very solid technical sense of how setting up the perfect shot works and we also have david brewer, known for bringing the film insidious to horrific life. check out their reels below! you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 you'll need an html5 capable browser to see this content. play replay with sound play with sound 00:00 00:00 risks and challenges the biggest challenge with a project of this nature is that each film is unique in all aspects   story, tone, style, and genre. each film calls for different budget requirements in different areas, but we all must evenly share whatever budget we end up with. that means, in order to give you the best film anthology possible, our team of 6 producers must utilize the budget and work together in a completely transparent and cohesive way, in addition to going above and beyond their expected duties to their individual teams. the producers will be pulling all the strings that we possibly can in pre production, assisting all of the other teams on set during principal photography, and operate as creatively as possible in post production to ensure that we take the budget you give us and stretch it as far as it can go. we need your help to make these stories of love come to life! learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 