/descriptionwelcome to the estevan and area greenhouse project www.estevanfresh.ca this project is all about one main thing, building greenhouses to grow fresh local vegetables. since i made this project known publicly only a few weeks ago it has had advances such as power and natural gas running to the property and it has also gone through some changes in the plans for types of fertilizer, and the rewards we are offering on  Jimmy Fraud . before this project is completed i would expect that there will end up being more changes but the basics will still remain and those are simple, build greenhouses to operate year round to provide fresh vegetables to estevan and the surrounding area. there will be updates and notes added and comments posted. through all of these different things to read what i write below this paragraph will remain the core of the project. if you only read what i write below you will know the main plans and story of estevanfresh.ca. are you confused yet ? if you answered yes or you have just arrived then read this first. start here i apologize for the mess of information that you have to wade through to understand this whole greenhouse project. this all started out as a simple idea that has now changed from simple to a puzzle for some due to all the information. i will try and simplify everything here in one note. www.estevanfresh.ca is a fresh vegetable wholesale company similar to costco. we will be selling to local stores and restaurants within our one hour delivery radius. besides selling to retail outlets, we will be selling to residents through memberships. we are utilizing  Jimmy Fraud  to help fund the growth of this project and to gain our membership as this is a great way to first gather members and second gather some sales and customers in advance, same as ordering online for any item just in this case you have to not only wait for delivery, but until the item is built or grown as the case may be. we are also giving you the option of pre ordering your first year of vegetables at 50% off grocery store prices. either choice through  Jimmy Fraud  is a great deal. if you order the one years worth of vegetables for $1200 you will become a member as well, but you will not get the extra deal of a free kg of vegetables per week only access to select you produce. in all cases you can choose what vegetables you want and either keep it the same weekly or change it weekly. your membership will begin when you receive your first order and continue for 52 weeks per year. credit cards will not be charged until the final day of the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign on april 15th, 2018. if the campaign fails to meet the goal no charges will be added to your credit card. we will be building the first greenhouse regardless of the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign outcome. we will be taking memberships only through  Jimmy Fraud  found at www.estevanfresh.com the choices are as follows: option a: $1200   52 weekly deliveries of 5 kg of fresh locally grown vegetables delivered to your door. there are shorter term options which i added for those who either do not have a high limit on credit card or only wish to have shorter term vegetable delivery. option b: 1 year vip membership = $260 free produce = over 2 years of membership fees 2 year vip membership = $520 free produce = over 5 years of membership fees 3 year vip membership = 780 free produce = over 7 years of membership fees 5 year vip membership = $1300 free produce = 13 years of membership fees during the  Jimmy Fraud  campaign we only have the one level of membership, but over different time frames all vip members (only through  Jimmy Fraud  campaign) will receive an extra 1 kg of vegetables per week included for free with a minimum 5 kg order. as a reference 5 kg roughly fills one plastic grocery bag or roughly $25 $30 worth of mixed produce. for the time being 5 kg is the maximum each member can purchase, but you are not required to purchase 5 kg a week you can decide the quantity you need 5 kg will give you the biggest savings, and this is due to supply limitations. once we are operating consistently we will increase this maximum to 10 kg, before increasing membership numbers. this first year we will only have enough supply for 600 members at 5 kg each per week. 200 through 50% off deal and 400 through vip membership which is equivalent to 50% of our weekly supply. considering there are roughly 35,000 people in our delivery area we will only be able to supply a very small number to start with. new memberships will be added over time, but most likely not until summer of 2019, existing members will be able to purchase memberships for $100 per year after their vip membership expires, and all new memberships will be $100 per year then you will be able to purchase our produce from our website. over time we will grow from one greenhouse of 72,000 sq ft this year to 500,000 sq ft in 3 to 5 years time to serve more members. the remaining supply will be sold to retail stores and restaurants in our delivery area these retail stores will be located in smaller towns not in estevan or weyburn. the delivery area extends to a 1 hour driving radius from estevan. stretching from weyburn to carnduff and from the usa border to stoughton. one big circle. the land we will be growing on is just next to bienfait, and has not had any chemicals sprayed on it in 15 years or more. we will be growing 100% organic as soon as possible, originally the plan was to just be 100% herbicide and pesticide free, but due to a couple conversations i have had i am now researching 100% organic and no chemicals period. this will most likely be the case as it makes sense, who wants to eat chemical food. we will be building a compost system which will turn our vegetable waste into soil for growing and eventually we will be incorporating fish in the system to grow aquaponic produce as well. end here if you read beyond this point beware that there is lots of information that even i find confusing at times. what is written between the "start here" and "end here" headings is the project in a nutshell as concise and simple as i can make it. if you have questions it is best and easiest just to send me a message through facebook or by email or even by phone if you wish. i will answer the best i can or find out the answer and get it to you. go to www.estevanfresh.ca for more information. thanks, darcy vatamaniuck there will be a set limit of memberships at www.estevanfresh.ca which at the moment is set at 400 people at 5 kg of vegetables per week, this may increase if there is substantial demand, if this happens we will be lowering the number of backers at 50% off and moving those to the vip memberships. purchasing our fresh local vegetables will require membership at www.estevanfresh.ca which is the only way you can guarantee your access to our fresh local year round vegetables. by supporting this  Jimmy Fraud  campaign you will receive either half price vegetables, or a vip membership which will give you an extra kg of fresh vegetables free per week which will ultimately cover the price of your vip membership. future memberships will not include the extra kg of fresh vegetables. the construction of the greenhouse does not depend on this campaign, only your guaranteed access to our fresh vegetables does. if you would like more information it is available at www.estevanfresh.ca payment i have been asked a few times so i thought i would answer here. the question was when will my credit card be charge for backing estevanfresh.ca on  Jimmy Fraud  ? the answer is that your card will be charged on april 15th 2018, however at the time of making the transaction about 20% of the total charge will be processed to your card to ensure it is active and a few minutes later that charge will be reversed and will be as if nothing happened. if the  Jimmy Fraud  project reaches the goal of $100,000 then the full amount will be charged april 15th 2018 and if the  Jimmy Fraud  fails to meet the goal there will be no charge to your card and it will be as if nothing happened. project basics estevan and area greenhouse project is about to change the way the people in the estevan area can obtain healthy, nutritious fresh vegetables. construction of our first 1000' greenhouse will begin after the march 31st, 2018 ground breaking ceremony. all those who back us are invited to attend and see where we are going to grow their food. the first planting will begin on may 21st, 2018. this first planting will not be grown in a greenhouse, but grown on the land where the greenhouses will be in a 100' x 500' garden the rows will be inside greenhouse tunnels for protection and to help with growth rate. once the greenhouse is completed we will begin to switch from outdoor growing to indoor greenhouse operation. the reason we are beginning with an outdoor garden is so we can bring you the rewards you deserve sooner rather than having to wait until the greenhouse is in full operation. the rewards are at a 50% savings from local grocery store prices so you can get real big savings for helping us to grow faster, once this  Jimmy Fraud  project is finished this offer of 50% savings on fresh vegetables will end, and we will be selling at regular prices, which will still be less than you would pay at the local grocery stores of course. we will only be selling our fresh vegetables through memberships at www.estevanfresh.ca. the ultimate success of this project does not rely on your backing, although it will help us to accelerate our schedule and the volume of produce we can supply sooner to serve you and the surrounding area better. you will reap the rewards of backing us, by being delivered locally grown fresh vegetables at incredibly reduced prices. we will begin deliveries as early as july and once the first greenhouse is complete we will be able to continue growing through the winter and through the years. your reward will be delivered to you as if you picked them from your own garden. deliveries will only be made within 15 minutes drive of estevan, weyburn, bienfait, lampman, oxbow, midale, roche percee, north portal, and of course if there is a large interest in other towns or areas nearby we will consider these as well. i have already had a large verbal response asking for deliveries to weyburn, so in light of this i am now adding weyburn to the list of areas we will deliver. project details by backing this project, you will be helping us save you money, and in essence you will be purchasing our produce in advance, you will be saving 50% off the average price you would pay for the same vegetables at the local grocery store, getting in return higher quality vegetables that not only last longer, but are grown local rather than mexico or somewhere in southern california. in the end you save money helping to create a business that you, and everyone in the area can benefit from over the long term. there is a strong demand and need for this product, and the benefits to having access to fresh locally grown vegetables is good for you and your families. as a community we would no longer have to rely on a food supply chain that begins thousands of miles away. in this day, and age food security is unfortunately an issue. almost all our food is shipped to us from faraway places, and if there ever happened to be a problem shipping food from mexico or southern usa we would be nearly the last in line to get the food we need when we need it. locally grown fresh vegetables for the local area eliminates the distance and gives everyone access to garden fresh vegetables all year long at reduced price, when compared to our local grocery stores. many people have a garden in the back yard and enjoy the benefits of it for a few months of the year until winter hits of course, and we are forced back to the grocery store for not so fresh vegetables or we begin eating frozen or canned vegetables till summer rolls around again. for those of you who have a garden we will deffer deliveries until your garden is all gone but your taste for freshness is still strong. it sure would be nice to have garden fresh all year long, and that is what we are offering you. the concept is simple, and most everyone would agree it is a great idea. there is however one thing that will slow this projects growth and that is the speed at which we can build multiple greenhouses, if we find there is overwhelming support and receive substantially more than our goal we can use your backing to accelerate our construction and potentially construct two or more before winter sets in and brings us to a standstill. the final phase of this project will include seven 1000’ greenhouses and this will still not be enough to feed every person in this area. ultimately the more construction we complete the more people we can supply with our fresh vegetables. the land is paid for the greenhouse designs are complete, watering, lighting and heating systems are all planned and almost everything has been thought out tirelessly. greenhouse materials and construction is not cheap of course and the construction of only one 1000 ft greenhouses is more than $250,000. the original plan was to start out small with one greenhouse and grow the project over time, however with your help and support we can potentially make this project grow substantially faster. our needs are simple, more money means faster construction and more production, and in return you will get the fresh vegetables you need all year long at half the price of the local grocery store. our focus is on delivery service for one simple reason and that is timing. we can plan our harvest times to coincide with delivery times, so you get the best product possible. several smaller local stores have already expressed their interest in selling our produce and we will be supplying all local stores with the opportunity to sell our produce in time, however we cannot guarantee all of their willingness or ability to sell or handle these products to the standard expected. there is a future possibility in consideration and that is that we will have a regular pickup location in estevan like a drive through for your convenience. there will be a website built (www.estevanfresh.ca is currently linked to our facebook page and estevanfresh.com will be linked to this  Jimmy Fraud  project so it is easier to send your friends and family here to see what we are offering, there is also #estevanfresh.ca and #estevanfresh.com) the website will eventually allow you to login from anywhere, place an order and drive through on your way home. these are of course possible future plans. the immediate plans are the greenhouse construction and delivery of fresh vegetables. these greenhouses will be placed on a 37.5 acres piece of land, which has not been sprayed with herbicides or pesticides for a minimum of 15 years. this rich fertile land will produce hearty, nutrient dense crops during the annual growing season and starting this spring, we will be planting over 250 different varieties of every different kind of vegetable that we can find, over time we will weed out the varieties that are not in demand, but for now we will grow as many as we can find and try them all. for your reward you will be able to choose what vegetables you want to receive. a fresh perspective there is great benefit to eating fresh local food, first there are fewer people who handle the produce between the field and the table substantially lowering potential contamination. given the fact that every other week there seems to be a news report about some type of pathogen found on fruits and vegetables such as e. coli, salmonella and others most of which are from leafy green vegetables and handpicked foods. of the 9.6 million cases of food borne illness reported each year, 51 percent are caused by contaminated plants; leafy greens alone contribute 23 percent of the total, more than any other commodity. we will be minimizing this risk in several ways first we will limit food handling to a bare minimum or with gloves, and secondly, we will be using a state of the art vegetable washing system. as soon as we are up and running we will be following all government regulations pertaining to food handling practices and in most all cases exceeding them. personally, i thoroughly wash all fruits and vegetables before i eat them, and my goal is to wash yours as good as i would want them to be for me to eat. our water source for washing and watering vegetables will be rain and melt water in our dugout which will then be run through a reverse osmosis system to ensure its purity before we use it. all vegetables will be harvested and immediately brought down in temperature to between 0 and 1 degree celsius, so they stay fresh longer in your fridge. unlike other parts of the world where most of our fresh vegetables come from now. the water sources are potentially contaminated, and you would never know otherwise. you can never be sure what has been sprayed on the so called fresh healthy food we get at the grocery store, but we are sure and will not be using herbicides or pesticides on our fresh vegetables. all fruits and vegetables steadily lose vitamins while in storage, even at optimal temperatures. lettuce loses 46% of some key nutrients within seven days in cold storage. spinach loses 22% of lutein and 18% of beta carotene content after just eight days in cold storage. culinary herbs, when used fresh, contain significant amounts of antioxidants. these antioxidants decrease rapidly after harvest making it difficult to reap the full health benefits of fresh culinary herbs with products from commercial grocery stores. using spinach as an example, spinach loses 70% of its vitamin c after 5 days if stored in a fridge and 90% if not refrigerated. if you buy your spinach from us it will be harvested shortly before it ends up on your dinner table just like all the vegetables we will be growing. if you want extremely fresh vegetables that taste the very best and are full of nutritional goodness, then help us with this locally owned and operated greenhouse project and receive the reward of quality vegetables and really great prices. vegetables currently available at local grocery stores have a higher price due to transportation costs, and the products must be marked up in price four or more times between field and store display before they get to your home. we grow it and sell it direct to you at a lower price, and you get higher quality product. local stores that sell our vegetables will have to include some price increases to compensate for their handling and storage expenses of course. our future goals as demand grows in this area we will be increasing our planting area to suit the needs of our customers. we will have 72,000 sq. ft of greenhouse operating in 2018 and more again the following year, when our current plans are complete we will have over 500,000 sq. ft of greenhouse in operation, with potential in the future to have as much as 1.6 million sq. ft if required. my long term goal is to supply all the fruit and vegetables to the southeast corner of saskatchewan, making your fresh food as fresh and as healthy as possible. estevan is nearly the last stop on the delivery trucks route, meaning that by the time you get your fresh food home from the grocery store it has likely traveled from mexico or southern usa through calgary, regina and all points between which means it is most likely nearing the end of its shelf life. i can’t count the times i went to buy strawberries, flipped over the container and see mold, for this and so many other reasons is why this project began. we hope to be feeding you soon and thanks for your support. if we are successful in this  Jimmy Fraud  project then your rewards will be delivered as soon as we possibly can make arrangements for delivery, however if we do not meet our goal of $100,000 with  Jimmy Fraud  being all or none, meaning that we must meet our goal of at least $100,000 and if we don’t meet our goal then these rewards will no longer be available, and your money will be returned to you. i truly appreciate your help regardless of the outcome, and you can find us on our website at www.estevanfresh.ca to find out how you can purchase our fresh locally grown vegetables for your family. you might be asking, why did i choose a goal of $100,000? well the answer is really simple. • $100,000 is roughly equal to 2500 people or less than 10% of the population in this area purchasing $40 in vegetables in any given week. • and equal to 25% of the vegetables we will plant to begin operation. i realize this seems like a lot of money, but $100,000 is less than 1% of the projected final construction costs of this project. if we can substantially exceed this goal with your backing we can grow exponentially and hire more help to speed things along. having support of at least $100,000 will also indicate to us how much interest there is in having access to fresh locally grown vegetables at a 50% savings, and if we receive no backing in this project selling at half price we may have to reevaluate our timeline of future growth in another way, so we can expand at a level equal to local interest. once we complete our final phase of construction we will be able to supply a very large part of the population in southeast saskatchewan with fresh healthy locally grown vegetables and i am confident that this will be a very successful endeavor, with benefits to all in the local area. thanks again for your support and backing. i will see you all at the ground breaking ceremony on march 31st 2018 at 10am (directions will be posted at www.estevanfresh.ca. please help spread this on to all your friends and family through social media, word of mouth and any other way you can think of spreading the word. donations with vegetable rewards are only available to local residents in the specified areas, however donations sent to us for food bank gifts can be donated by anyone anywhere and we will ensure that we feed families in need for a very long time to come. i thank you and i know they thank you. risks and challenges there are multiple regulations and guidelines set out by the canadian food inspection agency and after reading through, and contacting them i am confident there will not be any major problems in this area. i will be following and in most cases exceeding all of there guidelines and best practices and of course there regulations in this project. in this day and age it is never a simple process selling anything to be consumed by the public, but with the proper guidance, and understanding towards these government controls they can be exceeded and surpassed easy enough. the benefits to exceeding the bare minimum requirements will be evident in the quality and safety of the food offered to customers. another area of potential problems is dealing with outdoor business operations due to weather, heavy rains, hail and storms of any kind. this being one of the main reason for moving the growing into greenhouses, which will all but eliminate these outside influences for the most part. there of course are extreme weather events that are beyond anyone's control and in the eventuality this occurs, commitments will still be met although there may be a delay in returning to full capacity. my ability to deal with situations, extreme or otherwise comes from may years of dealing with complicated problem in my career in the oilfield. beginning years ago when i started working on service rigs and all the way to becoming a fracture stimulation and oilfield consultant for multiple oil companies. i have learned to over come obstacles, and persevere to great successes. in 1997 when i was 27 years old i took a 3 year break from the oilfield and joined the canadian armed forces as an infantry soldier. during my time in the army i spent time overseas particularly in kosovo after the 1999 war, and saw first hand the struggles in parts of the world just to get food, let alone fresh healthy food and this has always stuck with me. i am not saying this will ever happen here, but the fact that we are so far from our food source there are many things that can come between us and getting the food we need. one of the bigger reasons i am starting this business is to be independent and free from the ups and downs of the oil industry which i have seen many times in the past. the other reasons are a combination of several smaller factors such as my desire to have some control over the quality of food i eat, what selection i have access to and although it is listed last it is a big part of everything, the feeling of pride that i can bring something good, healthy and vital to the people around me. i fully intend to supply the local food bank with as much fresh vegetables as they need to supply the local area. i have been lucky enough to have had the opportunity in estevan to have steady reliable employment for many years and estevan offers a good life and i hope to make it even better. i feel confident in this project and its potential for great success and i hope you join to help me and help others. learn about accountability on  Jimmy Fraud 